UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
41709,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2024-05-28-g7-seizing-frozen-russian-assets-aid-ukraine.html,G7 inching closer to final resolution on seizing frozen Russian assets to aid Ukraine – NaturalNews.com,Finance officials from the Group of Seven (G7) wealthy democracies have announced progress on a proposal by the United States to generate more funds for Ukraine using Russian assets frozen in their respective countries. “We are making progress in our discussi…,"G7 inching closer to final resolution on seizing frozen Russian assets to aid UkraineFinance officials from the Group of Seven (G7) wealthy democracies have announced progress on a proposal by the United States to generate more funds for Ukraine using Russian assets frozen in their respective countries“We are making progress in our discussions on potential avenues to bring forward the extraordinary profits stemming from immobilized Russian sovereign assets to the benefit of Ukraine ” stated a draft communique  without elaborating on specifics.Progress on the proposal was made during a G7 meeting with finance ministers and central bank governors in Stresa in northern Italy. However  the ultimate decision on how to utilize the assets located in each respective nation will be made by their leaders  including U.S. President Joe Biden  at their annual summit in Fasano  southern Italy  in June.Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko joined the finance ministers and central bank heads at their concluding session on Saturday  May 25.“I am satisfied with the progress ” he told journalists afterward  noting that the G7 ministers “are working very hard to find a reliable construction for Ukraine.”While the U.S. Congress has passed legislation allowing the Biden administration to seize approximately $5 billion in Russian assets located in the U.S.  European countries have significantly more influence  as most of the $260 billion Russian central bank assets frozen globally after the beginning of the special military operation in Ukraine on Feb. 24  2022  are held in their jurisdictions.We are building the infrastructure of human freedom and empowering people to be informed  healthy and aware. Explore our decentralized  peer-to-peer  uncensorable Brighteon.io free speech platform here. Learn about our free  downloadable generative AI tools at Brighteon.AI. Every purchase at HealthRangerStore.com helps fund our efforts to build and share more tools for empowering humanity with knowledge and abundance.European officials  citing legal concerns  have hesitated to outright confiscate the money and hand it to Ukraine as compensation for the destruction caused by Russia. Instead  they plan to use the interest accumulating on the assets  which amounts to around $3 billion a year – about one month’s financing needs for the Ukrainian government.U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is advocating for borrowing against the future interest income from the frozen assets  potentially providing Ukraine with as much as $50 billion immediately. However  this proposal has raised concerns among European members about legal complexities and the risk of Russian retaliation against Western companies and individuals still holding assets in Russia or against the Euroclear securities depository in Belgium  where the bulk of the funds are held. (Related: Yellen wants frozen Russian assets to be given to Ukraine – a move that could drive away nations from Western banks.)Kremlin to seize U.S. assets in Russia in retaliationIn response  the Kremlin has issued a decree from President Vladimir Putin on Thursday  May 23  allowing the confiscation of U.S. companies' and individuals' assets as compensation for any Russian assets seized in the United States.The decree allows Russia to confiscate property  real estate  securities and stakes in Russian companies owned by American companies and citizens to compensate for Russian losses from seizures by Washington.Russian state media claims the Kremlin has identified around $290 billion in U.S. and allied assets in Russia that could be targeted  though this hasn't been independently verified. Russia has already seized assets from several Western companies and millions of dollars held by European banks.Watch this Feb. 23 episode of ""Brighteon Broadcast News"" as host Mike Adams  the Health Ranger  warns about how the G7's plan to seize frozen Russian assets will end up destroying the American dollar.This video is from the Health Ranger Report channel on Brighteon.com.More related stories:EU to give Ukraine weapons and aid using profits from frozen (stolen) Russian assets.Russian central bank governor: Western seizure of frozen assets won’t affect Russia’s financial stability.If U.S. tries to steal Russian assets for Ukraine  the American economy and western financial system will CRUMBLE.Schizophrenic world order: The West is willing to destroy its financial system to punish Russia.CONTORTIONIST ACT: G7 experts claim that seizing frozen Russian assets is legal given Russia’s “unlawful conduct” toward Ukraine.Sources include:RT.comAPNews.comBrighteon.com",neutral,0.08,0.79,0.13,mixed,0.07,0.29,0.63,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'final resolution', 'G7', 'Ukraine', 'NaturalNews', 'peer, uncensorable Brighteon.io free speech platform', 'U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'free, downloadable generative AI tools', 'Ukrainian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. President Joe Biden', '$260 billion Russian central bank assets', 'Russian central bank governor', 'Seven (G7) wealthy democracies', 'Health Ranger Report channel', 'central bank governors', 'central bank heads', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. Congress', 'special military operation', 'host Mike Adams', 'Schizophrenic world order', 'U.S. assets', 'Russian state media', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'future interest income', 'Euroclear securities depository', 'stolen) Russian assets', 'several Western companies', 'frozen Russian assets', 'western financial system', 'Brighteon.AI', 'Biden administration', 'Ukrainian government', 'Russian companies', 'Finance officials', 'finance ministers', 'Russian losses', 'frozen assets', 'Western banks', 'Western seizure', 'financial stability', 'Russian retaliation', 'American companies', 'allied assets', 'final resolution', 'United States', 'respective countries', 'potential avenues', 'draft communique', 'G7 meeting', 'northern Italy', 'ultimate decision', 'respective nation', 'annual summit', 'southern Italy', 'concluding session', 'G7 ministers', 'reliable construction', 'European countries', 'human freedom', 'European officials', 'one month', 'financing needs', 'European members', 'legal complexities', 'real estate', 'European banks', 'American dollar', 'related stories', 'American economy', 'The West', 'CONTORTIONIST ACT', 'G7 experts', 'unlawful conduct', ""individuals' assets"", 'extraordinary profits', 'HealthRangerStore.com', 'legal concerns', 'Feb. 23 episode', 'Ukraine', 'Group', 'progress', 'proposal', 'funds', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'specifics', 'Stresa', 'leaders', 'Fasano', 'June', 'Saturday', 'May', 'journalists', 'legislation', 'influence', 'beginning', 'jurisdictions', 'infrastructure', 'people', 'purchase', 'efforts', 'humanity', 'knowledge', 'abundance', 'money', 'compensation', 'destruction', 'risk', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'move', 'nations', 'Kremlin', 'response', 'decree', 'Thursday', 'confiscation', 'property', 'stakes', 'citizens', 'seizures', 'Washington', 'millions', 'dollars', 'plan', 'video', 'weapons', 'aid', 'Sources', 'APNews']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,naturalnews.com
41710,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOYLU-AB-NAMN-AKTIER-O-N-157409213/news/Notice-to-Attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Hoylu-ab-publ-46841250/,Notice to Attend the Annual General Meeting in Hoylu ab (publ),(marketscreener.com) N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the annual general meeting in Hoylu AB  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish tex…,"N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the annual general meeting in Hoylu AB  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU ABThe shareholders in Hoylu AB  reg. no. 559084–6381 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the annual general meeting on 28 June 2024 at 10.00 am CEST at the premises of Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå located at Sveavägen 20  Stockholm. Registration begins at 9.45 am CEST.PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting mustbe entered as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 19 June 2024; andnotify the Company of their participation no later than on 24 June 2024  preferable before 4.00 pm CEST. Notification to attend the annual general meeting shall be made by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hoylu.com or by post to Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Hoylu AGM  box 140 55  104 40 Stockholm. The notification must state full name  personal identification number or registration number  shareholding  address  phone number and  where applicable  the name of a proxy or assistant (maximum 2). The notification should be accompanied  where applicable  by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in order to have the right to attend the annual general meeting  temporarily re-register their shares in their own name. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be enforced (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later than 24 June 2024 and nominees should therefore be instructed to do so well in advance.PROXYShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. The power of attorney may not be issued earlier than one year before the date of the annual general meeting  with the exception if the power of attorney specifies a longer period  up to a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity shall have a registration certificate attached  or if such certificate does not exist  equivalent documents. Original power of attorney and any registration certificate should  in advance of the annual general meeting be sent to the Company at the address above. A proxy form may be ordered from the Company and will be available on the Company’s website www.hoylu.com .PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the annual general meeting Appointment of a chairperson of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Appointment of one (1) or two (2) persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report on the consolidated annual accounts Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet  allocation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  and discharge from liability for the members of the board of directors and the managing director. Determination on the remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor Appointment of the members of the board of directors and the auditor Resolution to authorise the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares  convertible notes and/or warrants Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions Closure of the annual general meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 8b - Resolution on allocation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that all retained earnings and profits from the financial year 2023 is carried forward and that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2023.Item 9 - Determination on the remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorA remuneration amounting to a total of SEK 700 000 is proposed to be distributed to the board of directors  of which SEK 250 000 is to be distributed to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 150 000 each to the other directors appointed by the annual general meeting. A director who is also employed by the Company shall not receive any remuneration.Remuneration to the auditor shall be paid according to current and approved invoices.Item 10 - Appointment of the members of the board of directors and the auditorIt is proposed that the number of directors shall consist of four (4)  until the end of the next annual general meeting  without deputies.It is proposed to re-elect Reidar Fougner as chairman of the board and to re-elect each of Fredrik Urbanski  Johan Lindqvist and Hans Othar Blix as members of the board.The board further proposes that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting (with the authorised auditor Henrik Ekström as auditor-in-charge).Item 11 - Resolution to authorise the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares  convertible notes and/or warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the board to resolve  on one or more occasions  during the period and until the end of the next annual general meeting  to increase the Company’s share capital through new issue of shares  convertible loan notes  and/or warrants to the extent permitted by the articles of association from time to time.New issue of shares  as well as issue of warrants and convertible loan notes  shall be able to take place with or without deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  against cash payment  for payment in kind  by way of set-off  or on conditions following from Chapter 2  Section 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. According to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  this authorisation does not authorise the board of directors to resolve on issue to board of directors and/or employees of the Company.A valid resolution pursuant to this item requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Item 12 - Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutionsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the board  the CEO or the person otherwise designated by the board  to undertake such minor adjustments and clarifications of the decisions made at the annual general meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERNumber of shares and votes in the CompanyAs the date of this notice  the total number of registered shares in the Company is 57 164 380 representing a total of 57 164 380 votes. The share capital amounts to SEK 11 432 876.00. The Company holds no own shares.Shareholders’ right to informationShareholders are informed of their right under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item of business on the agenda and about circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The board and the CEO shall provide such information if the board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company. The duty of disclosure also applies to the Company's relationships with other companies in the group and such circumstances as detailed above applicable to subsidiaries.Shareholders have a right to ask the Company questions at the annual general meeting on the items and proposals to be considered at the annual general meeting.DocumentsThe annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  auditor’s report  proxy forms and other documents related to the resolutions proposed to the annual general meeting will be available at the Company’s head office and on the Company’s website  www.hoylu.com   no later than three (3) weeks prior to the annual general meeting and will also be sent to those shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the annual general meeting.Stockholm in May 2024Hoylu ABThe board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Truls Baklid  CEO Hoylu + 47 924 38 900 Email: tob@hoylu.comKjartan Berge Steinshamn  CFO Hoylu + 47 481 27 673 Email: kbs@hoylu.comAbout HoyluHoylu’s visual collaboration technology empowers distributed teams to translate ideas into actions. Large enterprises as well as small and medium companies rely on Hoylu to run projects  programs  and initiatives across time zones and continents as seamlessly as when working in the same room. For more information: www.hoylu.com. Ticker symbol: HoyluMarketplace: Nasdaq First North Growth StockholmCertified Adviser: Mangold Fondkommission AB +46 (0) 8 50 301 550; ca@mangold.seTicker: HoyluMarket place: Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Stockholm)Certified Adviser: Mangold Fondkommission AB +46 (0) 8 50 301 550; ca@mangold.sePublicationThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 15:00 AM CEST on May 28  2024.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hoylu ab', 'Notice', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'next annual general meeting', 'consolidated annual accounts Resolution', 'general meeting Preparation', 'Hans Othar Blix', 'registered auditing firm', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'personal identification number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Deloitte AB', 'Hoylu AB', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Sveavägen', 'share register', 'phone number', 'other documents', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'voting register', 'two (2) persons', 'agenda Presentation', 'new issues', 'convertible notes', 'minor adjustments', 'financial year', 'approved invoices', 'Reidar Fougner', 'Fredrik Urbanski', 'Johan Lindqvist', 'registration number', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'Hoylu AGM', 'managing director', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'dated power', 'Original power', 'full name', 'Item 8b', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'proxy form', 'other directors', 'auditor Appointment', 'notice', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'shareholders', 'Company', '28 June', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'CEST', 'PARTICIPATION', '19 June', '24 June', 'Notification', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'post', 'Attn', 'box', 'shareholding', 'address', 'assistant', 'powers', 'attorney', 'authority', 'order', 'right', 'days', 'nominees', 'advance', 'written', 'exception', 'maximum', 'website', 'Opening', 'chairperson', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'report', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'loss', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'remuneration', 'warrants', 'Closure', 'earnings', 'dividend', 'total', 'SEK', 'chairman', 'current', 'deputies', '10.00', '9.', '4.00', '104']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41711,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAVANNAH-RESOURCES-PLC-6806531/news/Savannah-Resources-Notice-of-AGM-2024-46836754/,Savannah Resources : Notice of AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Savannah Resources Plc will be held at the Company's registered office  Druces LLP  Salisbury House  London Wall  London  EC2M 5PS   on Mo…,"NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"") of Savannah Resources Plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the Company's registered office  Druces LLP  Salisbury House  London Wall  London  EC2M 5PS (Exchange Meeting Room)  on Monday 24 June 2024 at 10.00 a.m. (BST) for the purpose of considering and  if thought fit  passing the following resolutions which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions in the cases of resolutions 1-6 and as a special resolution in the case of resolution 7. ORDINARY BUSINESS To receive the report of the Directors and the audited Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023. To re-appoint Emanuel Proença who retires as a Director in accordance with article 23.2(a) of the Articles of Association at the conclusion of the Meeting and  being eligible  offering himself for re-election as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint Bruce Griffin who retires as a Director in accordance with article 23.2(a) of the Articles of Association at the conclusion of the Meeting and  being eligible  offering himself for re-election as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint Mohamed Sulaiman who retires as a Director in accordance with article 23.2(a) of the Articles of Association at the conclusion of the Meeting and  being eligible  offering himself for re-election as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint BDO LLP as auditors of the Company to act until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of the auditors. ORDINARY RESOLUTION 6 That in substitution for all existing and unexercised authorities  the Directors of the Company be and they are hereby generally and unconditionally authorised for the purpose of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (""the Act"") to exercise all or any of the powers of the Company to allot equity securities (within the meaning of Section 560 of the Act) up to a maximum nominal amount of £7 290 000 provided that this authority shall  unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting  expire on the earlier of the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or 15 months after the passing of this Resolution  unless renewed or extended prior to such time except that the Directors of the Company may before the expiry of such period make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after the expiry of such period and the Directors of the Company may allot relevant securities in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired. SPECIAL RESOLUTION 7 That in substitution for all existing and unexercised authorities and subject to the passing of Resolution 6 above  the Directors of the Company be and they are hereby empowered pursuant to section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) pursuant to the authority conferred upon them by the preceding Resolution as if section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment provided that the power conferred by the Resolution  unless previously revoked or varied by special resolution of the Company in general meeting  shall be limited: to the allotment of ordinary shares arising from the exercise of options  warrant options and warrants outstanding at the date of this resolution; to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue or open offer in favour of ordinary shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interest of all such shareholders are proportionate (as nearly as may be) to the respective numbers of the ordinary shares held by them subject only to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors of the Company may consider appropriate to deal with fractional entitlements or legal and practical difficulties under the laws of  or the requirements of any recognised regulatory body in  any territory; SAVANNAH RESOURCES Plc - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 1NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING the grant of a right to subscribe for  or to convert any equity securities into Ordinary Shares otherwise than under sub-paragraph (a) above  up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £1 030 000; and to the allotment (otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a)  (b) and (c) above) of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £5 500 000 (approximately 30% of the Company's issued share capital) in respect of any other issues for cash consideration; and shall expire on the earlier of the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or 15 months from the date of the passing of this Resolution save that the Company may before such expiry make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not expired. If you are a registered holder of Ordinary Shares in the Company  whether or not you are able to attend the Meeting  you may appoint one or more persons to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting on your behalf. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. You can register your vote(s) for the Annual General Meeting either: by visiting www.shareregistrars.uk.com by post or by hand to Share Registrars Limited  3 The Millennium Centre  Crosby Way  Farnham  Surrey GU9 7XX using the proxy form accompanying this notice;in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out in note 11 below. In order for a proxy appointment to be valid the proxy must be received by Share Registrars Limited by 10.00 a.m. (BST) on 20 June 2024. Registered Office: By order of the Board Salisbury House Christopher Michael McGarty London Wall Company Secretary London EC2M 5PS 29 May 2024 Registered in England and Wales Number: 07307107 SAVANNAH RESOURCES Plc - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 2NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting Entitlement to Attend and Vote 1. Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company specifies that only those members registered on the Company's register of members 48 hours (excluding non-business days) before the time of the Meeting shall be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting. Appointment of Proxies If you are a member of the Company at the time set out in note 1 above  you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote at the Meeting and you should have received a proxy form with this notice of meeting. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the proxy form. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company but must attend the Meeting to represent you. Details of how to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting or another person as your proxy using the proxy form are set out in the notes to the proxy form. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the Meeting you will need to appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give your instructions directly to them. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy  please contact the registrars of the Company  Share Registrars Limited on 01252 821 390. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Meeting. Appointment of Proxy 6. You can register your vote(s) for the Annual General Meeting either: by visiting www.shareregistrars.uk.com  clicking on the ""Proxy Vote"" button and then following the on screen instructions (you can locate your log-in details on the top of the proxy form);clicking on the ""Proxy Vote"" button and then following the on screen instructions (you can locate your log-in details on the top of the proxy form); by post or by hand to Share Registrars Limited  3 The Millennium Centre  Crosby Way  Farnham  Surrey GU9 7XX using the proxy form accompanying this notice;in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out in note 11 below. In order for a proxy appointment to be valid the proxy must be received by Share Registrars Limited by 10:00 a.m. (BST) on 20 June 2024. Appointment of Proxy Using Hard Copy Proxy Form 7. The notes to the proxy form explain how to direct your proxy how to vote on each resolution or withhold their vote. To appoint a proxy using the proxy form  the form must be: Completed and signed;Sent or delivered to Share Registrars Limited at 3 The Millennium Centre  Crosby Way  Farnham  Surrey GU9 7XX ; andand Received by Share Registrars Limited no later than 48 hours (excluding non-business days) prior to the Meeting. In the case of a member which is a Company  the proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the proxy form. SAVANNAH RESOURCES Plc - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 3NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Appointment of Proxy by Joint Members 8. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first- named being the most senior). Changing Proxy Instructions 9. To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off time for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard-copy proxy form and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy proxy form  please contact Share Registrars Limited on 01252 821 390. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. Termination of Proxy Appointments 10. In order to revoke a proxy instruction you will need to inform the Company using one of the following methods: By sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke your proxy appointment to Share Registrars Limited at 3 The Millennium Centre  Crosby Way  Farnham  Surrey GU9 7XX. In the case of a member which is a Company  the revocation notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the revocation notice is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the revocation notice. In either case  the revocation notice must be received by Share Registrars Limited no later than 48 hours (excluding non-business days) prior to the Meeting. If you attempt to revoke your proxy appointment but the revocation is received after the time specified then  subject to the paragraph directly below  your proxy appointment will remain valid. Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the Meeting and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the Meeting in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. CREST 11. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s) should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual (available via euroclear.com/CREST). The message  regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID: 7RA36) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of Instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. SAVANNAH RESOURCES Plc - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2024 4",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.83,0.11,True,English,"['Savannah Resources', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'maximum aggregate nominal amount', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice', 'maximum nominal amount', 'Savannah Resources Plc', 'Exchange Meeting Room', 'Emanuel Proença', 'registered office', 'Druces LLP', 'Salisbury House', 'EC2M 5PS', 'ORDINARY BUSINESS', 'Financial Statements', 'Bruce Griffin', 'Mohamed Sulaiman', 'BDO LLP', 'unexercised authorities', 'equity securities', 'relevant securities', 'ordinary shares', 'rights issue', 'respective numbers', 'other arrangements', 'fractional entitlements', 'practical difficulties', 'regulatory body', 'share capital', 'other issues', 'cash consideration', 'registered holder', 'following resolutions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'London Wall', 'ordinary shareholders', 'special resolution', 'preceding Resolution', 'open offer', 'Companies Act', '10.00 a', 'Company', 'Monday', 'June', 'BST', 'purpose', 'cases', 'report', 'Directors', 'year', 'accordance', 'article', 'Association', 'conclusion', 'election', 'auditors', 'remuneration', 'existing', 'section', 'powers', 'meaning', 'authority', 'passing', 'time', 'expiry', 'period', 'agreement', 'pursuance', 'allotment', 'options', 'warrant', 'date', 'connection', 'favour', 'interest', 'exclusions', 'legal', 'laws', 'requirements', 'territory', 'grant', 'sub-paragraph', 'paragraphs', '15']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41712,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REINET-INVESTMENTS-S-C-A-12416878/news/CONSOLIDATED-AUDITED-FINANCIAL-RESULTS-FOR-THE-YEAR-ENDED-31-MARCH-2024-AND-PROPOSED-DIVIDEND-46836479/,CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND,(marketscreener.com) Reinet Investments SCA / Key word: Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND 28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. …,Reinet Investments SCA / Key word(s): Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LRThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Board of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. announces the results of Reinet Investments S.C.A. for the year ended 31 March 2024 Key financial dataReinet’s net asset value of € 6.2 billion reflects a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent per annum in euro terms  since March 2009  including dividends paidThe net asset value at 31 March 2024 reflects an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from € 5 720 million at 31 March 2023Net asset value per share at 31 March 2024: € 34.02 (31 March 2023: € 31.46)Commitments totalling € 61 million in respect of new and existing investments were made during the year  with a total of € 128 million fundedDividends from British American Tobacco p.l.c. during the year amounted to € 130 millionInaugural dividend of € 57 million from Pension Insurance Corporation Group LimitedReinet dividend of € 0.30 per share  amounting to some € 55 million (excluding treasury shares)  paid during the yearProposed Reinet dividend of € 0.35 per share payable after the 2024 annual general meeting  increase of 16.67 per cent over prior year (September 2023: € 0.30 per share) CHAIRMAN’S COMMENTARY Dear Shareholder  Overview During the past year we have seen interest rates and inflation starting to decline in some major economies with available liquidity from the private and banking sectors for capital investments showing early signs of improvement  however the costs thereof remain high. Reinet’s portfolio remains well positioned to manage through these challenges with sufficient liquid resources on hand. Capital invested during the year amounted to some € 128 million  which was mostly in respect of funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and Coatue. Reinet has cash resources of some € 357 million and access to additional funds by way of additional borrowing facilities to meet investment obligations and other opportunities as they arise. Since its inception in 2008  Reinet has generated an annual return of 8.3 per cent for its investors based on the Reinet share price  with the underlying net asset value reflecting an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. Results At 31 March 2024  Reinet’s net asset value amounted to some € 6.2 billion  an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from 31 March 2023. The increase reflects the increase in value of Pension Insurance Corporation together with the receipt of significant dividends from both Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco  offset primarily by a decrease in the share price of British American Tobacco. The strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year also contributed to the positive results. Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation’s adjusted own funds increased from £ 5.9 billion to £ 6.3 billion over the last year with new business premiums increasing from £ 4.1 billion to £ 6.9 billion mainly due to the conclusion of the largest ever UK bulk annuity transaction in respect of a buy-in with the Trustees of two schemes sponsored by RSA Group. The board of Pension Insurance Corporation proposed an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2023. Reinet’s share of this dividend amounted to some £ 50 million. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Insurance Corporation approved a second dividend of 11 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2024. Reinet’s share of this second dividend amounted to some £ 73 million. The investment in British American Tobacco decreased in value in the year due to its share price decreasing from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024. At the British American Tobacco annual general meeting in April 2024  shareholders approved a dividend increase of 2 per cent to £ 2.36 per share. British American Tobacco continues to follow its strategic path to ‘A Better Tomorrow’ which means it is committed to building a smokeless world by migrating its cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. Its board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation and have set a target of 50 per cent of revenue from ‘non-combustibles’ by 2035. TruArc continues to pursue new opportunities and in early 2024  launched the TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  a fund seeking to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors  by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Reinet committed some € 17 million to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund as part of the first close and expects to commit further amounts at subsequent closings. Reinet’s total outstanding commitment to TruArc managed funds now stands at € 122 million  with some € 330 million invested to date. In 2009  Reinet announced its decision to invest in the private equity management business formerly owned by Lehman Brothers  the business was subsequently renamed Trilantic Capital Partners. As Reinet’s first private equity fund investment  uninvested limited partner commitments were taken over in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners’ Fund IV North America and Fund IV Europe. 15 years later  practically all underlying investments in these two funds have been realised. Over the years  Reinet has invested in a total of six funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  with € 517 million invested  € 597million distributed and a remaining carrying value of € 443 million. During the past year  total capital distributions of € 55 million were received and capital contributions of € 23 million paid. The Coatue Structured Funds continue to focus on privately negotiated structured financing transactions using their sector experience and platform resources to source these proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions  predominantly in the US technology sector. Reinet invested an additional € 20 million during the year  with a total outstanding commitment of € 209 million. Dividend The Board of Directors of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. proposes a dividend of € 0.35 per share  payable in September 2024. This represents a 16.67 per cent increase from last year. Outlook In 2023  the World Health Organisation officially declared the end of the COVID-19 pandemic however  we are faced with the ongoing Ukraine crisis  increasing unrest in the Middle East  heightened global geopolitical tensions  continuing elevated interest rates and stubborn inflation. We will continue to seek new investment opportunities and partnerships which fulfil our objective of providing long term capital growth and to support our existing portfolio companies to be successful against the global backdrop set out above. As with all conscientious investors we will need to generate returns for our shareholders from sustainable business practices and try to mitigate the ever-increasing risks posed by global warming. The introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union will bring enhanced sustainability reporting requirements over the next few years. As we see in other parts of the world  investors and businesses will need to focus more resources on reducing their impact on the environment while promoting investment in sustainable business practices. Reinet’s two largest investments  Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco already have well developed strategies in this regard. I would like to thank Reinet’s Directors  Board of Overseers  management and employees for their commitment to Reinet and to our partners in the investment community for their contribution to Reinet’s performance during the year. Johann Rupert Chairman Reinet Investments Manager S.A. Luxembourg  27 May 2024 BUSINESS OVERVIEW The Company has determined that it meets the definition of an investment entity in terms of International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) 10. The net asset value  the income statement and the cash flow statement included in this business overview have however been presented in a more comprehensive format than required by IFRS in order to provide readers with detailed information relating to the underlying assets and liabilities. Net asset value The net asset value (‘NAV’) at 31 March 2024 and 2023 comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m % € m % Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. 1 359 22.0 1 561 27.3 Other listed investments 93 1.5 83 1.4 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited 3 436 55.6 2 787 48.7 Private equity and related partnerships 1 167 18.9 1 138 19.9 Trilantic Capital Partners 443 7.2 472 8.2 Funds and related general partners TruArc Partners 372 6.0 301 5.3 Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company Coatue funds 73 1.2 50 0.9 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds 171 2.8 219 3.8 Milestone China Opportunities fund 13 44 Prescient China funds and management company 124 143 Asia Partners funds 34 32 Specialised investment funds 108 1.7 96 1.7 NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 107 94 Other fund investments 1 2 United States land development and mortgages 21 0.3 26 0.5 Other investments 75 1.2 58 1.0 Total investments 6 151 99.5 5 653 98.8 Cash and liquid funds 357 5.7 288 5.1 Bank borrowings (229) (3.7) (217) (3.8) Other liabilities Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets (95) (1.5) (4) (0.1) Net asset value 6 184 100.0 5 720 100.0 All investments are held  either directly or indirectly  by Reinet Fund. Information relating to current key investments AT 31 MARCH 2024 Committed amount(1) in millions Remaining committed amount(1) in millions Invested amount(2) in millions Realised amount(2) in millions Current fair value(1) in millions Total realised and unrealised value(3) in millions Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. EUR - - 1 739 3 415 1 359 4 774 GBP - - 1 418 2 866 1 162 4 028 Other listed investments EUR - - 127 68 93 161 USD - - 146 78 100 178 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group EUR - - 1 315 57 3 436 3 493 Limited GBP - - 1 112 50 2 938 2 988 Trilantic Capital Partners EUR 596 95 517 597 443 1 040 Euro investment EUR 85 19 66 149 44 193 US dollar investment(4) USD 552 82 514 524 431 955 TruArc Partners EUR 464 122 330 225 372 597 USD 500 132 368 253 402 655 Coatue funds EUR USD 278 300 209 225 70 75 - - 73 79 73 79 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Milestone China Opportunities funds and EUR - - 130 164 13 177 management company USD - - 169 185 14 199 Prescient China funds and management EUR - - 79 4 124 128 company USD - - 94 4 134 138 Asia Partners funds EUR 67 37 28 - 34 34 USD 73 40 33 - 37 37 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities EUR 173 47 123 62 107 169 Euro investment EUR – – 4 5 – 5 US dollar investment USD 187 51 136 68 115 183 United States land development and EUR 198 5 160 71 21 92 mortgages USD 214 5 209 78 23 101 Calculated using year-end foreign exchange rates. Calculated using actual foreign exchange rates at transaction date. Total of realised proceeds and current fair value. The invested amount for Trilantic Capital Partners includes an initial payment of $ 10 million. PERFORMANCE NET ASSET VALUE The NAV comprises total assets less total liabilities  and equates to total equity under International Financial Reporting Standards. The increase in the NAV of € 464 million during the year reflects increases in the estimated fair value and gains realised on certain investments including Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited (‘Pension Corporation’)  other listed investments  Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and NanoDimension funds together with dividends received from British American Tobacco p.l.c. (‘BAT’) and Pension Corporation. Offsetting these increases are decreases in the estimated fair value of certain investments including BAT  Prescient China funds and Milestone China Opportunities fund together with the dividend paid by the Company and expenses in respect of management and performance fees. Details of the Company’s NAV and details of movements in key investments can be found on pages 6 and 7 of this report. Reinet records its assets and liabilities in euro; the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro has resulted in an overall increase in the value of certain assets and liabilities in euro terms. Applying current year-end exchange rates to the March 2023 assets and liabilities would have resulted in an increase in the March 2023 NAV of some € 129 million. SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME As at 31 March 2024  there was no share buyback programme in progress. The Company repurchased 14 151 395 ordinary shares between November 2018 and May 2022 under five share buyback programmes. The cost of the ordinary shares repurchased amounted to € 222 million  plus transaction costs. Details of each completed share buyback programme to date can be found in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. All ordinary shares repurchased are held as treasury shares. NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE The NAV per share of the Company is calculated by dividing the NAV by the number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury shares) of 181 790 891 (31 March 2023: 181 790 891). 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 Shares in issue 195 942 286 195 942 286 Treasury shares (14 151 395) (14 151 395) Net shares 181 790 891 181 790 891 € m € m NAV (see page 4) 6 184 5 720 € per share € per share NAV per share 34.02 31.46 SHARE PRICE The Company’s indicative share price as quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange increased by 18.1 per cent in the year from € 18.80 at 31 March 2023 to € 22.20 at 31 March 2024  with the highest trade being at € 23.00 during the year. The total shareholder return since inception (taking into account the initial price of € 7.1945 and including dividends paid) is 8.3 per cent per annum. The growth in NAV  including dividends paid  reflects an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. Share prices as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 were as follows: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 ZAR EUR ZAR EUR Luxembourg - 22.20 - 18.80 Amsterdam - 22.20 - 19.00 Johannesburg 458.23 - 365.06 - GLOBAL MARKETS BACKDROP During the year  global markets continued to be impacted by the effects of the Ukraine crisis  turmoil in the Middle East  high interest rates and inflation. Whilst inflation has started to fall  high prices continue to put significant pressure on households and consumers as many central banks hold interest rates at current levels to mitigate the inflation concerns. The extent and impact of these factors remain uncertain. Reinet has no direct exposure to Russia  Ukraine or the Middle East through its underlying investments or banking relationships and has not experienced any significant direct impacts in respect of interest rate fluctuations or inflation. Reinet has various banking relationships with highly rated institutions  and a well-diversified approach to cash and liquidity management. Reinet continues to value its investments in line with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (‘IPEV’) guidelines and its approved valuation procedures and methodologies. All investment valuations have been prepared using latest available data  including exchange rates and listed share prices as at 31 March 2024. Discussions have taken place with fund managers and investee companies to determine any significant changes in value and any impacts related to the various geo-political areas of conflict  volatility in stock and currency markets  interest rates  inflation and exposure to certain financial institutions. Future valuations will take into account any new impacts of the above  which could affect the valuation of underlying investments. INVESTMENTS Reinet seeks  through a range of investment structures  to build partnerships with other investors  specialised fund managers and entrepreneurs to find and develop opportunities for long-term value creation for its shareholders. Since its formation in 2008  Reinet has invested some € 3.7 billion and at 31 March 2024 committed to provide further funding of € 559 million to its current investments. Details of the funding commitments outstanding are given in the table on page 21 of this report. New commitments during the year under review amounted to € 61 million  and a total of € 128 million was funded during the year. LISTED INVESTMENTS BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C. The investment in BAT remains one of Reinet’s largest investments and is kept under constant review  considering the company’s performance  the industry outlook  cash flows from dividends  stock market performance  volatility and liquidity. Luc Jobin  Chairman  and Tadeu Marroco  Chief Executive  writing in the BAT annual report for 2023 commented: Luc Jobin: ‘Our strategy and purpose were discussed extensively during 2023. The result of these discussions was the decision to provide greater clarity on what we mean by ‘A Better Tomorrow’. It means we are committed to building a smokeless world. This is a commitment to migrate our cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. We believe that growth within the smokeless category will be driven by sustained investment in our brands and targeted innovation to respond to evolving consumer preferences and tastes. While sustained volatility and uncertainty will continue to present challenges  we believe BAT remains well-positioned and resilient. We are diversified by category  price point and geography. Our smokeless portfolio has been designed to take advantage of sectorial shifts and our people are highly engaged with a track record of delivery during uncertain times. BAT’s board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation  by nurturing BAT’s culture  building our brands and delivering ‘A Better Tomorrow’ for our stakeholders.’ Tadeu Marroco: ‘During 2023  the underlying strengths of BAT were reflected in our performance  despite a challenging environment. While total group revenue declined 1.3 per cent  revenue at constant currency was up 1.6 per cent despite the negative impact due to the sale of Russia and Belarus partway through the year. There was another strong performance from our ‘New Categories’ which are now profitable at the category contribution level  driven by higher revenue (up 15.6 per cent  or 17.8 per cent on a constant currency basis). We currently have 24 million consumers of ‘Non-Combustible’ products and revenue from these products now accounts for 16.5 per cent of group revenue. As a business  we are committed to becoming a predominantly smokeless business  targeting 50 per cent of our revenue from ‘Non-Combustibles’ by 2035. We are an organisation ready to deliver  with operational excellence and an ability to flexibly manage our capital allocation decisions for the benefit of all stakeholders.’ During the year under review  dividend income recorded from BAT amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million)  being BAT’s second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends  together with the first 2024 quarterly dividend of some € 33 million (£ 28 million) with a record date of 22 March 2024. The first 2024 quarterly dividend was paid on 2 May 2024 and has been included as a receivable in the NAV as at 31 March 2024  due to the record date falling within this financial year. Reinet holds 48.3 million shares in BAT (31 March 2023: 48.3 million)  representing some 2.16 per cent of BAT’s issued share capital. The value of Reinet’s investment in BAT amounted to € 1 359 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 1 561 million)  being some 22.0 per cent of Reinet’s NAV. The decrease in value reflects the decrease in the BAT share price on the London Stock Exchange from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024 offset by the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year. Further information on BAT is available in its combined Annual and Sustainability report at www.bat.com. OTHER LISTED INVESTMENTS Other listed investments comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Grab Holdings Limited 31 29 Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. * 1 2 Soho China Limited 3 7 SPDR Gold shares 44 39 Twist Bioscience Corporation 14 6 93 83 *formerly Selecta Biosciences Inc. GRAB HOLDINGS LIMITED Grab Holdings Limited (‘Grab’) is a leading superapp platform in Southeast Asia  providing everyday services that matter to consumers  including food deliveries  mobility and the e-wallet segment of financial services. Grab offers a wide range of on-demand services across 480 cities in eight countries. Reinet holds 10 573 666 shares in Grab with a market value of € 31 million (31 March 2023: € 29 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Grab is available at www.grab.com. CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS  INC. In November 2023  Selecta Biosciences  Inc. merged with Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. (‘Cartesian’)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering RNA cell therapies for autoimmune diseases. The combined company is now known as Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. and its Nasdaq ticker symbol changed to ‘RNAC’. Cartesian is also a portfolio company of the NanoDimension funds. Reinet holds 1 395 460 shares with a market value of € 1 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Cartesian is available at www.cartesiantherapeutics.com. SOHO CHINA LIMITED Soho China Limited (‘Soho’) is a Chinese office developer focused on developing and leasing properties in the central business districts of Beijing and Shanghai. Soho developments are known for their modern architecture  with designs from architects such as Zaha Hadid and Japanese architect Kengo Kuma. Reinet holds 47 million shares with a market value of € 3 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 7 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Soho is available at www.sohochina.com. SPDR GOLD SHARES SPDR Gold shares (‘GLD’) is the largest physically backed gold exchange traded fund in the world. Over the long term  gold can provide a hedge against inflation and offer some protection against value changes in turbulent economic and political times. Reinet holds 230 000 shares with a market value of € 44 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 39 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the value of gold during the year. Further information on GLD is available at www.spdrgoldshares.com/usa. TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION Twist Bioscience Corporation (‘Twist’) is involved in the fields of medicine  agriculture  industrial chemicals and data storage  by using synthetic DNA tools  and has created a revolutionary silicon-based DNA synthesis platform that offers precision at a scale otherwise unavailable. Reinet holds 444 497 shares in Twist with a market value of € 14 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Twist is available at www.twistbioscience.com. UNLISTED INVESTMENTS Unlisted investments are carried at their estimated fair value. In determining fair value  Reinet Fund Manager S.A. (the ‘Fund Manager’) relies on audited and unaudited financial statements of investee companies  management reports and valuations provided by third-party experts. Valuation methodologies applied include the NAV of investment funds  discounted cash flow models and comparable valuation multiples  as appropriate. The third-party valuation reports and key assumptions used within these reports are reviewed by the external auditors. PENSION INSURANCE CORPORATION GROUP LIMITED Pension Corporation’s wholly-owned subsidiary  Pension Insurance Corporation plc (‘Pension Insurance Corporation’)  is a leading provider in the UK pension risk transfer market. During 2023  Pension Insurance Corporation concluded new business with premiums of £ 6.9 billion (2022: £ 4.1 billion). At 31 December 2023  Pension Corporation reported it held £ 46.8 billion in assets (31 December 2022: £ 41.2 billion) and insurance liabilities amounted to £ 41.2 billion (31 December 2022: £ 33.7 billion). The increase in value of both assets and liabilities is due to new business written  partly offset by payments made to policyholders. To date  Pension Insurance Corporation has insured 339 900 pension fund members (31 December 2022: 302 200). Clients include FTSE 100 companies  multinationals and the public sector. Pension Insurance Corporation has a total of £ 1.8 billion (31 December 2022: £ 1.6 billion) Tier 2 subordinated notes and £ 450 million (31 December 2022: £ 450 million) Tier 1 restricted notes outstanding. In September 2023  Fitch affirmed its Insurer Financial Strength rating at A+ (Strong) and Long-Term Issuer Default rating at A. The reported Solvency II capital ratio as at 31 December 2023 was 211 per cent (31 December 2022: 225 per cent). During 2023  Pension Corporation paid an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Corporation approved a dividend of 11.0 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 85 million (£ 73 million) was received in May 2024. Reinet has not recorded a receivable as at 31 March 2024  as the approval date falls outside this financial year. Reinet’s shareholding in Pension Corporation remained at 49.5 per cent in the year under review. Tracy Blackwell  Chief Executive Officer and Dom Veney  Chief Financial Officer of Pension Insurance Corporation  commented: Tracy Blackwell: ‘The Group had a very strong year  and our results demonstrate sustainable growth  increased profitability  and excellent customer service. During the year we completed the landmark £ 6.2 billion buy-in of two pension schemes sponsored by RSA Group  we made pension payments of £ 2.1 billion  our highest ever  with policyholder satisfaction levels of 99.3 per cent  and we have now paid £ 13.6 billion in pensions in total. We are delighted to have continued investing in vital UK infrastructure  creating considerable social value  including funding the UK’s first reservoir in over 30 years. We have now invested £ 13 billion in UK infrastructure and £ 29 billion in the UK in total. Our conservatively invested portfolio stands at £ 46.8 billion  and we were pleased to have avoided problems with US regional banks  commercial real estate  and those caused by the demise of Credit Suisse. Our balance sheet continues to be robust with a year-end solvency ratio of 211 per cent  which means we went into the new year well placed to help trustees looking to secure their member benefits in what we expect to be a very busy year. During the first two months of 2024 we completed £ 1.5 billion of new business  with an industry pipeline of £ 50 billion expected to complete this year. Pension Insurance Corporation is well positioned to fulfil its purpose  which is to pay the pensions of its current and future policyholders  as well as to play a leading role in the future growth of the UK pension risk transfer market.’ Dom Veney: ‘A strong set of financial results representing the continued delivery of our focused strategy despite volatile markets. Market volatility continued to be high in 2023  with stubbornly high inflation  large swings in UK and international interest rates and narrowing credit spreads. We maintain a prudent investment and hedging strategy that prioritises long-term stability and security for our policyholders  which enabled us to navigate through this volatility. Our investment strategy is to select assets that generate cash flows to match our future claims payments in both timing and amount  therefore the value of our assets and liabilities move broadly in tandem as factors such as interest and inflation rates change. IFRS profit before tax amounted to £ 303 million (2022: £ 93 million). From 1 January 2023 we adopted IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” the new global insurance accounting standard  which has fundamentally changed how companies account for insurance and reinsurance contracts. Key differences between the measurement of insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and IFRS 17 include the deferral of new business profits at inception. For a growing business such as Pension Insurance Corporation  this means that statutory profit recognition is slower under IFRS 17 than IFRS 4. IFRS 17 requires that new business profits are released over the length of the contracts.’ Reinet’s investment in Pension Corporation is carried at an estimated fair value of € 3 436 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 787 million). This value takes into account Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value at 31 December 2023 of £ 6.3 billion (31 December 2022: £ 5.9 billion)  corresponding valuation multiples drawn from industry data for a selected UK insurance peer group as at 31 March 2024  and a discount of 10 per cent which takes into account the illiquid nature of Reinet’s investment. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples following a generally strong public market performance for the peer group over the 12 months  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2023 and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation represents some 55.6 per cent of Reinet’s NAV at 31 March 2024  compared to 48.7 per cent at 31 March 2023. Pension Corporation believes sustainability is fundamental to the delivery of its purpose to pay policyholders now and for decades to come. Its sustainability strategy includes: continuing to build a secure and sustainable business; to carry on leading as a responsible corporate citizen; and to keep on driving long-term value growth. It has four distinct pillars which ensure alignment of its corporate strategy and actions to its purpose: long-term sustainable business; being a responsible investor; protecting the environment and making communities sustainable  safe and inclusive. Pension Insurance Corporation is one of the founding signatories of the Sustainability Principles Charter for the Bulk Purchase Annuity process and was also accepted as a signatory to the UK Stewardship Code. Further information on Pension Corporation and its sustainability reporting is available at www.pensioncorporation.com. PRIVATE EQUITY AND RELATED PARTNERSHIPS Where Reinet invests in funds managed by third parties  its philosophy is to partner with the managers of such funds and to share in fees generated by funds under management. This is the case with funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone Capital and Prescient Investment Management China. Under the terms of the investment advisory agreement (the ‘Investment Advisory Agreement’)  entered into by the Fund Manager and Reinet Investment Advisors Limited (the ‘Investment Advisor’)  Reinet pays no management fee to the Investment Advisor on such investments except in the case where no fee or a reduced fee below 1 per cent is paid to the third-party manager. In such cases  the aggregate fee payable to the Investment Advisor and the third-party manager is capped at 1 per cent. TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS Trilantic Capital Partners (‘Trilantic’) is composed of Trilantic North America and Trilantic Europe  two separate and independent private equity investment advisors focused on making controlling and significant minority interest investments in companies in their respective geographies. Trilantic North America currently targets investments in the business services and consumer sectors  and currently manages five fund families. Trilantic Europe primarily targets investments in the industrials  consumer and leisure  telecommunication  media and technology  business services and healthcare sectors  and currently manages three fund families. Reinet and its minority partner invest in certain of the Trilantic general partnerships (‘Trilantic Management’). Reinet and its minority partner  through Reinet TCP Holdings Limited  invest in two of the current funds under Trilantic’s management. Reinet also directly invests in three additional funds under Trilantic’s management. The terms of investment applicable to Reinet’s investment in the Trilantic funds provide that Reinet will not pay any management fees or carried interest. In addition  Reinet receives a share of the carried interest payable on the realisation of investments held in the funds  once a hurdle rate has been achieved. Reinet TCP Holdings Limited invests in Trilantic Capital Partners IV L.P. (‘Fund IV’) and Trilantic Capital Partners IV (Europe) L.P.; these funds are in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2012  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners V (North America) L.P. (‘Fund V’) and in 2014  in Trilantic Energy Partners (North America) L.P. (‘TEP I’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities. TEP I disposed of its last investment and was subsequently dissolved in 2024 and Fund V is in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2017  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners VI Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles  ‘Fund VI’) and Trilantic Energy Partners II Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles ‘TEP II’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities with TEP II being especially focused on the energy industry sector. Charlie Ayres  Chairman of Trilantic North America and the Executive Committee of Trilantic Capital Partners  commented: ‘Investor optimism persists despite significant turmoil in the bank industry during 2023  including failures at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank; UBS’ takeover of its rival Credit Suisse; and JPMorgan’s takeover of First Republic. Market statistics in the private equity arena were lackluster during 2023. Buyout deal activity and exit activity remained sluggish  and purchase prices softened. The IPO market in the Americas picked up from low 2022 levels but remained muted compared to historical levels. In 2023  the number of IPOs in the Americas was up 15 per cent over 2022. America’s IPO proceeds were up nearly 3x due to several large deals. Financing for new private equity-backed investments remains discerning. Higher interest rates have subdued appetite for highly-levered buyouts and put downward pressure on pricing. Private equity investors hold significant dry powder  and with an improving macro backdrop  deal volume will likely pick up during 2024 and the bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers will resolve. As investors look forward to 2024  Fed policy  inflation  geopolitical events and the U.S. presidential election will likely remain key influencers on their outlook. Key highlights from the past year include: -Completed 3 significant realisations across Funds V and VI North America  with total proceeds of $ 614 million  -The Fund VI North America portfolio completed 18 add-on acquisitions in 2023  -Total portfolio value accretion of $ 91 million during 2023  -We continue to manage an active portfolio of assets that we believe have strong balance sheets and below-market leverage companies. We are on track to publish our 4th Annual ESG Report in May 2024. We continue to focus on KPIs influenced by ILPA’s ESG Convergence project. We are proud signatories to both the U.N. Principals for Responsible Investing and ILPA’s Diversity in Action initiative.’ Vittorio Pignatti-Morano  Chairman of Trilantic Europe  commented: ‘The macroeconomic scenario at the beginning of 2023 made us wary of rampant inflation  which central banks announced had to be fought with harsh monetary policy  and which most economists predicted would trigger a recession. Markets were pricing-in this gloomy scenario after having already suffered an 18 per cent drop in equity indexes and an equally disastrous performance in the bond market the year prior. In Q4 2023  the narrative changed: (i) inflation appears to have been primarily triggered by corporate margin expansion  rather than by wage increases or excessive consumption  (ii) interest rate hikes did not dampen economic activity and  especially in the US  consumers continued spending  unemployment remained at a record low  and recessionary fears shifted from red alert to mild  (iii) central banks  reverting to their original mission of protection of the value of money  changed their narrative as well  they began by stating that signs of inflation abating could allow them to halt hiking rates and then  in Q4 2023  they hinted at the possibility of rate reductions in the spring or summer of 2024 and (iv) a slowdown in Chinese domestic demand shifted local producers’ focus to exports to US and Europe at reduced prices  hence contributing to ‘exporting deflation’. For Trilantic Europe  the year proved overall positive  despite its complexities. We continued our active portfolio management across the portfolio and strengthened our own organisation with the appointment of Javier Olascoaga as Managing Partner  and eight new team additions in the last twelve months  including the appointment of two new partners.’ Reinet’s investment in Trilantic Management and the above funds is carried at the estimated fair value of € 443 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 472 million) of which € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 2 million) is attributable to the minority partner. The estimated fair value is based on audited valuation data provided by Trilantic Management at 31 December 2023 adjusted for changes in the value of listed investments included in the portfolios and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value is due to net capital distributions of € 55 million  offset by capital contributions of € 23 million  increases in the estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year under review  gains of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 21 million) were realised. In addition carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) and current income of € 4 million (31 March 2023: € 1 million) were received. Further information on Trilantic is available at www.trilantic.com. TRUARC PARTNERS FUNDS  CO-INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY TruArc Partners LP (‘TruArc’) is a middle market focused investment management firm led by a team that has worked together since 2005 and has deployed over $ 3 billion of capital. TruArc focuses on companies in attractive sub-sectors of Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services. The TruArc investment team works closely with its operating partners and portfolio management teams in an effort to generate value through a transformational growth strategy focused on both organic growth and acquisitions. Reinet is invested in Snow Phipps II  Snow Phipps III  TruArc Fund IV  in two co-investment opportunities alongside Snow Phipps III  and in the management company. In April 2023 Reinet committed an additional € 2 million in respect of the co-investments. The full amount was funded in May 2023. In February 2024  Reinet committed € 17 million ($ 18 million) to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  LP as part of the first close. This amount will increase at subsequent closings. As at 31 March 2024 no capital has been called. TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund intends to offer resources and capital in close partnership with controlling shareholders and management to support the growth of these investee entities. TruArc’s bespoke capital solutions will seek to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Ogden Phipps  Co-Managing Partner of TruArc Partners  commented: ‘2023 was a year of continued positive momentum for TruArc. We completed the acquisition of two new platform companies in Fund IV  bringing the total to seven platform companies in that fund as of the end of December. Each company is investing in organic initiatives to drive transformational growth. Commercially-focused initiatives include sales force expansion  digital marketing  rebranding and tech-enablement. Operationally-focused initiatives include technology infrastructure  footprint optimization  acquisition integration and procurement strategies. A key component of our investment approach is to execute a “buy and build” value creation strategy  and during 2023 we completed 15 add-on acquisitions across the TruArc-managed portfolio companies that we believe are strategically important and financially accretive. We are encouraged by the strength of our management teams as they lead our portfolio companies and seek to build value through transformational growth across the TruArc portfolio. In addition  we recently launched TruArc’s Structured Opportunities strategy  which is highly complementary to our established core Private Equity strategy. Structured Opportunities seeks to provide customized securities to middle market Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services companies in need of flexible and dynamic capital solutions to facilitate strategic goals and address the unique and complex needs of each transaction while bringing to bear the full resources of the TruArc platform.’ Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 372 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 301 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by TruArc at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects net capital contributions of € 45 million  together with increases in estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on TruArc Partners is available at www.truarcpartners.com. COATUE FUNDS Coatue Management L.L.C. (‘Coatue’) is a global investment firm focused on technology-related investment opportunities led by its founder  Mr Philippe Laffont. Coatue invests in public and private markets with an emphasis on technology  media  telecommunications  the consumer and healthcare sectors. Reinet is invested in Coatue Structured Offshore Feeder Fund LP and Coatue Tactical Solutions CT Offshore Fund B LP (together the ‘Coatue Structured Funds’). The Coatue Structured Funds seek to invest in structured investments in both publicly listed and privately held technology companies  focusing on investments that offer downside protection while retaining upside potential. The Coatue Structured Funds focus on privately negotiated transactions leveraging Coatue’s sector experience and platform resources to source proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions such as M&A  and establishing paths toward accelerating organic growth. Coatue believes there is a substantial universe of potential investment opportunities and that the market could produce significant structured capital opportunities. Coatue generally focuses on companies that it believes are: 1) powered by a strong underlying trend; 2) established winners or breakout leaders within a category or trend; 3) pursuing a large total addressable market; 4) operating business models with strong unit economics; and 5) led by visionary founders and experienced management teams. Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 73 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 50 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by Coatue at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 20 million  together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Coatue is available at www.coatue.com ASIAN PRIVATE EQUITY COMPANIES AND PORTFOLIO FUNDS Milestone China Opportunities fund Milestone China Opportunities fund Reinet is invested in Milestone China Opportunities Fund III L.P. (‘Milestone III’)  a fund managed by Milestone Capital. Milestone III is in the process of realising its remaining underlying investments. Milestone Capital has a strong track record in helping portfolio companies scale their operations and become listed on either domestic or foreign stock exchanges. Yunli Lou  Managing Partner of Milestone Capital  commented: ‘During 2023  Milestone Capital continued working closely with our portfolio companies to achieve exits. We continued selling down our shares in a listed cosmetics e-commerce platform and achieved a full exit in the first quarter of 2024. We also entered into definitive agreements with one medical consumable company to fully redeem our remaining stake; the deal was closed in early 2024. During 2023  China’s economy was weak despite its reopening after COVID-19. Full year GDP was $ 17.5 trillion  up by 5.2 per cent year-on-year. But if measured in two-year CAGR to eliminate the low base in 2022  GDP grew by only 4.1 per cent. Deflation pressure increased in the economy  with CPI growing by 0.2 per cent year-on-year in 2023  the lowest growth since 2009. The property sector continued to drag down the economy throughout the year  property development investment declined by 9.6% year-on-year and property sales declined by 6.5 per cent year-on-year. Capital markets also performed poorly  impacted by the weakened economy and sentiment. The government announced a series of policies throughout the year to boost the economic growth and market confidence  such as loosening property purchase restrictions  lowering mortgage rates and lowering bank reserve ratio.’ The investment in Milestone III is held at the estimated fair value of € 13 million (31 March 2023: € 44 million) based on audited financial information provided by Milestone Capital at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects capital distributions of € 11 million  together with decreases in estimated fair values of underlying investments  offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year the investment held by Reinet in the management company was fully realised with proceeds included in the distributions noted above. In addition  an older vintage fund was wound up resulting in a realised loss of € 18 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. Subsequent to the year end a distribution of € 9 million was received from Milestone III. Further information on Milestone is available at www.mcmchina.com. Prescient China funds and management company Reinet is invested in the Prescient China Equity Fund  the Prescient China Balanced Fund  the Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund and the management company. The Prescient China Equity Fund uses a systematic  quantitative approach to seek long-term capital growth by investing primarily in China ‘A’ shares listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges by virtue of Prescient’s Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor status granted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Prescient China Balanced Fund invests in equities following a similar strategy to the Prescient China Equity Fund and also in bonds  cash and derivatives with the objective of generating inflation-beating returns at acceptable risk levels. Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund aims to achieve long-term capital growth at significantly lower return volatility than conventional multi-asset China investment strategies. The fund will predominantly invest in mainland Chinese equities  bonds  cash  money market instruments and derivatives. All funds are managed by a subsidiary of Prescient Limited (‘Prescient’)  a South African fund manager  with the team based in Shanghai. Liang Du  Portfolio Manager of Prescient  commented: ‘Over the past year a slower than expected recovery in the Chinese economy resulted in a weak year for the Chinese equity market. The collapse of major developers and bursting of the property bubble resulted in the slowest growth in 30 years for China. Property makes up a large part of the average investor wealth  with the direct and indirect impact being lower consumer confidence resulting in lower demand  lower investment and lower growth. Although the property sector has been a drag on the overall economy  the rest of the economy is growing at a healthy rate  fast moving economic data shows a slowly improving economy with the government directly engaged in protecting the banking sector from property associated risks. The past few years have been challenging for the Chinese market bringing valuations to decade lows. Prescient’s performance has remained consistent and strong among our funds and we continue to build our brand and products on strong foundations. With China remaining one of the cheapest markets in the world  we see rising interest from clients who have previously not invested in China. We are in China for the long term  although painful over the short term the bursting of the property bubble will finally drive capital towards more productive sectors in the economy  leading to growth in the asset management industry with properties no longer forming the core. These trends should benefit our industry and the Prescient funds over the longer term.’ Reinet’s total investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 124 million based on unaudited financial information provided by Prescient at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 143 million). The decrease in estimated fair value mainly reflects decreases in the value of the underlying fund investments offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Prescient is available at www.prescient.co.za. Asia Partners funds Reinet is invested in Asia Partners I LP and Asia Partners II LP. Asia Partners I LP is the inaugural fund of Asia Partners Fund Management Pte. Ltd (‘Asia Partners’)  a Singapore-based growth equity investment firm. Asia Partners II LP  a successor fund  was launched in April 2022. Asia Partners bases its investment strategy on the long-term growth potential of Southeast Asia  the rapid growth of innovative technology and technology-enabled businesses in the region  and target investments in the $ 20 million to $ 80 million range  often described as the ‘Series C/D Gap’ between early-stage venture capital and the public capital markets. Oliver Rippel  Co-Founder and Partner of Asia Partners  commented: ‘Asia Partners has successfully completed the final closing of our second Fund  raising a total of $ 474 million. This significant milestone brings our total assets under management to $ 1.0 billion. Our investment focus remains on the promising long-term growth prospects of Southeast Asia. The critical importance of this region given its growing affluence  the accelerating shift towards digital lifestyles  alongside being home to almost 10 per cent of the world's population  in addition to growing economic ties in global trade and supply chain dynamics  reinforces our commitment. We believe in the potential for growth equity to accelerate economic growth throughout Southeast Asia. We will continue to nurture the development of Southeast Asia's emerging entrepreneurs  ultimately helping them transition to become sizeable public companies.’ In April 2022  Reinet committed € 29 million ($ 31 million) to Asia Partners II LP as part of the first close. This amount increased to € 44 million ($ 47 million) through March 2024. The investment in Asia Partners funds is held at the estimated fair value of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 32 million) based on audited financial information provided by Asia Partners at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 4 million  together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by decreases in the value of underlying investments. Further information on Asia Partners is available at www.asiapartners.com. SPECIALISED INVESTMENT FUNDS NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities ND Capital (‘NanoDimension’) is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 that invests in disruptive technologies in and at the intersection of the life and physical sciences  accelerated by data sciences. Their core belief is that scientific disciplines will continue to converge  and that some of the biggest breakthroughs will occur at the intersection of two or more disciplines. The focus of each fund is to invest in and support the establishment  technology development and scale up  growth and commercialisation of portfolio companies. They believe that these disruptive technologies address some of the biggest societal problems. Investments range from molecular diagnostics  cell and gene therapies  organs on chip  DNA synthesis and DNA editing  energy storage and electrical propulsion systems for aviation. They invest predominantly across the United States and Europe with additional investments in Canada  Denmark and the United Kingdom. Aymeric Sallin  Founder of NanoDimension  commented: ‘2023 was one of the most important years for ND Capital  despite a challenging Venture Capital (VC) market. Only 154 IPOs took place in 2023 versus an average of 750 in 2020/21  which were fueled by the SPAC and a robust technology sector. Technology M&A were down 51 per cent in value  year over year. VC distributions hit the lowest level of the last 14 years. Three of our portfolio companies were sold to listed entities  for total proceeds of $ 1.6 billion. ND Capital was the lead investor in one of the investments where the exit had a significant impact and distributions for two of our funds  as well as our reputation. Key portfolio companies managed to raise substantial additional capital of approximately $ 455 million from third parties on good terms  which should set them up for their next phase of development.’ Reinet is a limited partner in NanoDimension II L.P.  NanoDimension III L.P.  NanoDimension IV L.P. and ND Capital Opportunity Fund I L.P.  and is invested in one co-investment opportunity alongside NanoDimension II L.P. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of Reinet’s investment amounted to € 107 million (31 March 2023: € 94 million) based on audited valuation data provided by NanoDimension as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 13 million together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by distributions of € 16 million. Further information on NanoDimension is available at www.nd.capital. Other fund investments Other fund investments This includes small  specialist funds investing in private equity businesses and start-up ventures. Other fund investments are valued in total at their estimated fair value of € 1 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million) based on the latest available valuation statements received from the fund managers. The decrease in the estimated fair value principally reflects decreases in the value of underlying investments. UNITED STATES LAND DEVELOPMENT AND MORTGAGES Reinet has invested in certain real estate development projects and related businesses located in the United States (including Florida  North Carolina and South Carolina). Reinet has also purchased mortgage debt associated with such developments from financial institutions  usually at significant discounts to face value. The core land development process encompasses land planning  attaining entitlements from governmental bodies and installation of community infrastructure. Other investments in mitigation banks facilitate the preservation of land to offset the loss of wetlands necessitated by public improvements  such as highway construction  and other privately-sponsored developments. Bill Lanius  Chief Executive Officer of United States land development and mortgages  commented: ‘Our United States land development and mortgages business has been positioned to serve the homebuilding industry which has shown resilience this past year. Escalation in home prices combined with interest rates that remain high by the standards of recent decades have dampened demand. At the same time  many homeowners are reluctant to forfeit low mortgage rates that were previously obtained on their existing homes. This ‘lock-in effect’ has suppressed the inventory of existing housing stock but has helped support new home demand for which we provide developed sites. While supply chain constraints have improved  challenges associated with the regulatory environment have heightened. During our most recent fiscal year  the United States land development and mortgages business monetized target investment positions in transactions that were accretive to value and generated liquidity to facilitate our future business plans.’ The investment is carried at the estimated fair value of € 21 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 26 million). The current valuation is based on audited and unaudited financial statements as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects repayments received during the year of € 7 million  offset by increases in the valuation of underlying assets together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro during the year. OTHER INVESTMENTS Other investments are carried at their estimated fair value of € 75 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 58 million). The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 22 million together with increases in the valuation of underlying investments and the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by a capital distribution of € 5 million. An investment was realised during the year resulting in a loss of € 26 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. COMMITTED DURING THE YEAR Commitments made in the year amounted to € 61 million and cancelled commitments in respect of fully exited funds amounted to € 5 million. TOTAL COMMITMENTS Funding commitments are entered into in various currencies including sterling and US dollar and are converted into euro using 31 March 2024 exchange rates. The table below summarises Reinet’s investment commitments as at 31 March 2024. 31 March 2023(1) € m Exchange rate effects(2) € m Committed during the year(3) € m Funded during the year(3) € m 31 March 2024(3) € m 31 March 2024 % Private equity and related partnerships Trilantic Capital Partners Funds and related general partners(4) 120 1 (5) (23) 93 16.7 TruArc Partners Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company 148 1 19 (46) 122 21.8 Coatue funds 228 1 – (20) 209 37.4 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Asia Partners funds 32 – 9 (4) 37 6.6 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 60 - – (13) 47 8.4 Other fund investments 32 1 – – 33 5.9 United States land development and mortgages 5 – – – 5 0.9 Other investments 2 – 33 (22) 13 2.3 627 4 56 (128) 559 100.0 (1) Commitments calculated using 31 March 2023 exchange rates. (2) Reflects exchange rate movements between 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024. (3) Amounts calculated using 31 March 2024 exchange rates  which may differ from actual exchange rates on the transaction date. (4) Commitments noted represent only Reinet’s share of the investments at 31 March 2024  additional commitments payable by the minority partner amount to € 2 million in respect of Trilantic. The reduction in the commitment relates to remaining uncalled commitments in respect of a fund which was dissolved in the year.CASH AND LIQUID FUNDS Reinet holds cash on deposit principally in European-based banks and in liquidity funds holding highly rated short-term instruments. Reinet’s liquidity is measured by its ability to meet potential cash requirements  including unfunded commitments on investments and the repayment of borrowings  and at 31 March 2024 can be summarised as follows: Cash and liquid funds € 357 m Undrawn borrowing facilities € 234 m Cash required for unfunded commitments (refer to table on previous page) (€ 559 m) Cash required to meet GBP borrowing obligations (€ 234 m) The undrawn borrowing facilities comprise a revolving facility with Bank of America  N.A. and with Citibank N.A. (see below). Reinet may sell further BAT shares or use such shares to secure additional financing facilities from time to time. BANK BORROWINGS BORROWINGS BORROWINGS Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Citibank N.A.  which is repayable in August 2024. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 115 million (31 March 2023: € 108 million). In addition  Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Bank of America  N.A.  which is repayable in March 2025. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 114 million (31 March 2023: € 109 million). The increase in the estimated fair value of both loans reflects the strengthening of sterling in the year  together with the reduction in the time remaining to maturity  offset by an increase in the discount rates used (due to increases in market interest rates). Some 15 million BAT shares have been pledged to collateralise these two loans. In addition  Reinet has a facility agreement in place with Citibank N.A. up to August 2024 and with Bank of America  N.A. up to March 2025. These facilities allow Reinet to drawdown the equivalent of up to € 234 million (£ 200 million) in a combination of currencies to fund further investment commitments. As at 31 March 2024 no funds have been drawn under these facilities. OTHER LIABILITIES Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Minority interest (4) (4) Management fee (19) (19) Performance fee (90) - Tax provisions (4) (5) Accruals and other payables  net of other receivables (11) (8) BAT dividend receivable 33 32 Total other liabilities (95) (4) The minority interest liability is in respect of a minority partner’s share in the gains and losses not yet distributed arising from the estimated fair value movement of investments in which they have interests. Tax provisions relate to realised and unrealised gains arising from the investments in Trilantic Capital Partners together with withholding and corporate taxes relating to the investment in United States land development and mortgages. The BAT dividend receivable had a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. A provision of € 90 million has been made in respect of a performance fee as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil) as the conditions required to pay a fee had been met at the year end date. In order for a performance fee to be payable at 31 March 2024  the volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share determined by taking into account volume and price information on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange over the last 20 trading days of the financial year under review would need to exceed € 18.33. The volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share was € 22.93 for the last 20 trading days of the financial year  and as such a performance fee is payable. The performance fee and management fee are payable to Reinet Investment Advisors Limited. INCOME STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024€ m € m Year ended 31 March 2023€ m € m Income BAT dividends 130 122 Pension Corporation dividend 57 - Interest and other investment income 31 23 Realised (loss)/gain on sale of investments (9) 13 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Total income 212 164 Expenses Management fee (48) (49) Performance fee (90) - Operating expenses  foreign exchange and transaction-related costs (7) (6) Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Tax expense (1) (5) Total expenses (152) (65) Realised investment income  net of expenses 60 99 Fair value adjustments BAT (202) (271) Pension Corporation 649 (15) Other investments 20 55 Derivative instruments - (1) Borrowings (12) 11 Total fair value adjustments 455 (221) 515 (122) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Net profit/(loss) 519 (120) Minority interest - - Profit/(loss) attributable to the shareholders of the Company 519 (120) INCOME Dividend income from BAT recorded during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 107 million)). Dividend income received from BAT during the year represents the second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid and the first 2024 quarterly dividend with a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. Dividend income from Pension Corporation amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023  being an inaugural dividend of 7.50 pence per ordinary share. Interest income is earned on bank deposits  liquidity funds  investments and loans made to underlying investments. Realised losses on investments were in respect of investments held in Milestone funds and other investments  offset by realised gains in respect of investments held in Trilantic Capital Partners. Carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) was attributable to Reinet in respect of investments realised by Trilantic Capital Partners. EXPENSES The management fee for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounts to € 48 million and is based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 616 million at 30 September 2023 and € 5 721 million at 31 March 2023 (31 March 2023: € 49 million  based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 441 million at 30 September 2022 and € 5 890 million at 31 March 2022). A performance fee of € 90 million is payable for the year ended 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil). The performance fee is calculated as 10 per cent of the Cumulative Total Shareholder Return as defined in the Company’s prospectus  published on 10 October 2008 as last amended on 25 August 2020  including dividends paid  over the period since completion of the rights issue in December 2008 up to 31 March 2024  less the sum of all performance fees paid in respect of previous periods. Operating expenses of € 7 million include € 1 million in respect of charges from Reinet Investments Manager S.A. (the ‘General Partner’)  and other expenses which amounted to € 6 million. The net tax expense of € 1 million includes corporate and withholding taxes payable in respect of gains realised on Trilantic Capital Partners  together with deferred tax provisions related to unrealised gains  expected distributions and accrued interest in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and United States land development and mortgages. FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS The investment in 48.3 million BAT shares decreased in value by € 202 million during the year under review. Of this  € 243 million was attributable to the decrease in value of the underlying BAT shares in sterling  offset by an increase of € 41 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review (refer to pages 10 to 12 for more detail). The unrealised fair value adjustment of € 20 million in respect of other investments includes an increase in the estimated fair value of TruArc Partners  other listed investments and NanoDimension  offset by decreases in the fair value of Prescient China funds and Milestone. The above amounts include the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in the year under review. Borrowings are carried at estimated fair value reflecting the discounted cash flow value of future principal and interest payments taking into account prevailing interest rates. Unrealised losses of € 12 million during the year were in respect of changes in the estimated fair value of the Citibank N.A. and Bank of America  N.A. loans. MINORITY INTEREST The minority interest expense arises in respect of the minority partner’s share in the earnings of Reinet TCP Holdings Limited. CASH FLOW STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024 Year ended 31 March 2023 € m € m € m € m Investing activities Purchase of investments  net of repayments (116) (167) Proceeds from sales of investments 84 76 Net cash and liquid funds used in investing activities (32) (91) Financing activities Dividend paid (55) (51) Cost of share buyback programmes - (45) Net cash and liquid funds used in financing activities (55) (96) Operating activities Dividends received 186 122 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Interest income 16 6 Operating and related expenses (46) (58) Taxation paid (1) (13) Net cash and liquid funds generated by operating activities 152 58 Net cash inflowith(outflow) 65 (129) Opening cash and liquid funds position 288 415 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Closing cash and liquid funds position(1) 357 288 (1) Includes cash and liquid funds held in the Company  Reinet Fund and its subsidiaries. INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments totalling € 116 million were made during the year  including Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Coatue funds  Asia Partners funds  NanoDimension funds  and other investments. Amounts invested were partially offset by repayments in respect of loans received from United States land development and mortgages and other investments. Proceeds from the sale of investments were in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone China Opportunities funds and NanoDimension funds. FINANCING ACTIVITIES A dividend of some € 54.5 million was paid to shareholders in September 2023. OPERATING ACTIVITIES Dividends received from BAT during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 129 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 105 million)). The dividends received from BAT during the year represent the first  second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid. A dividend received from Pension Corporation during the year amounted to € 57 million (£ 50 million). Interest of € 6 million was paid in respect of the sterling-denominated loans. Interest income relates to cash on deposit in banks and liquidity funds. Net US tax payments of € 1 million were paid in the year under review. This amount includes taxes withheld by US paying agents in respect of gains and carried interest received  together with estimated taxes paid on gains and income which will be taxable in the United States. Cash and liquid funds increased by € 69 million over the year to € 357 million as the amounts received in respect of dividends and distributions from investments exceeded amounts paid in respect of investments  dividends  management fee and operating expenses. DIVIDEND The Company relies on distributions from Reinet Fund as its principal source of income from which it may pay dividends. A cash dividend of some € 54.5 million or € 0.30 per share (excluding treasury shares held) was paid in September 2023  following approval at the annual general meeting held on 29 August 2023. The General Partner has proposed a cash dividend of € 0.35 per share subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting  which is scheduled to take place in Luxembourg on Tuesday  27 August 2024. There is no Luxembourg withholding tax payable on dividends which may be declared by the Company. In 2013 the Company sought clarification from the South African Revenue Service (‘SARS’) as to the treatment of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of depository receipts issued by Reinet Securities SA in respect of Reinet ordinary shares. This ruling was renewed for a further 5 years on 8 March 2018 and again on 17 October 2023 in respect of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of the Company’s ordinary shares listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. The dividend will be payable in accordance with the following schedule  subject to shareholder approval: The last day to trade the Company’s shares cum-dividend in Europe will be Wednesday  11 September 2024 and in South Africa  Tuesday  10 September 2024. The Company’s shares will trade ex-dividend from Thursday  12 September 2024 in Europe and from Wednesday  11 September 2024 in South Africa. The record date for the Company’s shares in Europe and in South Africa will be Friday  13 September 2024. The dividend on the Company’s shares in Europe will be paid on Wednesday  18 September 2024 and is payable in euro. The dividend on the Company’s shares in South Africa will be paid in South African rand on Wednesday  18 September 2024. Further details regarding the dividend payable to South African holders may be found in a separate announcement dated 28 May 2024 on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange News Service. No cross-border movements of Reinet ordinary shares will be permitted between the clearing and settlement systems for the Dutch and Luxembourgish stock exchanges (Euroclear Nederland  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream) and the clearing and settlement system for the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (Strate) between Tuesday  10 September 2024 and Friday  13 September 2024  both days inclusive. CAPITAL STRUCTURE As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  there were 195 941 286 ordinary shares and 1 000 management shares in issue. As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  the Company held 14 151 395 ordinary shares as treasury shares. The voting and dividend rights attached to the treasury shares are suspended. Therefore  the total number of voting rights at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 was 181 790 891. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated audited financial statements at 31 March 2024  on which this announcement is based  have been approved by the Board of the General Partner on 23 May 2024 and are subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting to be held in August 2024. The printed Reinet Annual Report and Accounts will be available upon request from mid-July 2024. SHARE INFORMATION The Company ordinary shares are listed and traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘REINI’  Refinitiv code REIT.LU)  on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol ‘REINA’  Refinitiv code REIT.AS) and on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘RNI’  Refinitiv code RNIJ.J) with the ISIN number LU0383812293; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Data protection matters The Company has updated the Data Protection Information Notice available on the Company’s website (www.reinet.com/investor-relations/data-protection.html)  which is intended to provide investors with detailed information regarding the processing of their personal data  as well as the Privacy Policy available on its website (www.reinet.com/privacy-policy.html)  which is intended to provide users of the Company’s website with information regarding the processing of their personal data resulting from the use of the Company’s website and/or from requests made via the Company’s website. Reinet Investments Manager S.A. General Partner For and on behalf of Reinet Investments S.C.A. Website: www.reinet.com Reinet Investments S.C.A. (the ‘Company’) is a partnership limited by shares incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and having its registered office at 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg. It is governed by the Luxembourg law on securitisation and in this capacity allows its shareholders to participate indirectly in the portfolio of assets held by its wholly-owned subsidiary Reinet Fund S.C.A.  F.I.S. (‘Reinet Fund’)  a specialised investment fund also incorporated in Luxembourg. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Company and Reinet Fund together with Reinet Fund’s subsidiaries are referred to as ‘Reinet’. Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statementsThis document contains forward-looking statements which reflect the current views and beliefs of the Company  as well as assumptions made by the Company and information currently available. Words such as ‘may’  ‘should’  ‘estimate’  ‘project’  ‘plan’  ‘believe’  ‘expect’  ‘anticipate’  ‘intend’  ‘potential’  ‘goal’  ‘strategy’  ‘target’  ‘will’  ‘seek’ and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are outside Reinet’s control. The Company does not undertake to update  nor does it have any obligation to provide updates or to revise  any forward-looking statements. Certain information included in the Management Report is text attributed to the management of investee entities. While no facts have come to our attention that lead us to conclude that any such information is inaccurate  we have not independently verified such information and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information. Reinet Investments S.C.A.R.C.S. Luxembourg B 16 576Legal Entity Identifier : 222100830RQTFVV22S80Registered office: 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  Tel. (+352) 22 42 10  Fax (+352) 22 72 53Email: info@reinet.com  website: www.reinet.comEnd of Inside Information,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.29,0.03,True,English,"['CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'YEAR', 'MARCH', 'DIVIDEND', 'British American Tobacco annual general meeting', 'Reinet Investments Manager S.A.', 'Reinet Investments S.C.A.', 'Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation', 'Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited', 'UK bulk annuity transaction', 'long-term, sustainable value creation', 'underlying net asset value', '2024 annual general meeting', 'TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund', '8.8 per cent compounded increase', 'Business Services sectors', 'Key financial data', 'compound growth rate', 'middle market entities', 'new business premiums', 'sufficient liquid resources', 'additional borrowing facilities', 'Reinet Investments SCA', 'ad hoc announcement', 'AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'Trilantic Capital Partners', 'Reinet share price', 'annual return', 'RSA Group', 'existing investments', 'capital investments', 'structured debt', 'TruArc Partners', 'other opportunities', 'new opportunities', '8.3 per cent', '2 per cent', '50 per cent', 'banking sectors', 'cash resources', 'Art. 53 LR', 'treasury shares', 'Dear Shareholder', 'interest rates', 'major economies', 'available liquidity', 'two schemes', 'strategic path', 'Better Tomorrow', 'smokeless world', 'cigarette consumers', 'smokeless alternatives', 'leadership team', 'flexible capital', 'North America', 'Speciality Manufacturing', 'non-control equity', 'first close', 'subsequent closings', 'additional funds', 'Quarter Results', 'positive results', 'Inaugural dividend', 'second dividend', 'Reinet dividend', 'euro terms', 'early signs', 'investment obligations', 'ordinary share', 'dividend increase', 'significant dividends', 'prior year', 'past year', 'last year', '16.67 per', 'MARCH', 'CEST', 'Release', 'issuer', 'content', 'Board', 'annum', 'Commitments', 'respect', 'total', 'September', 'CHAIRMAN', 'COMMENTARY', 'Overview', 'inflation', 'private', 'improvement', 'costs', 'portfolio', 'challenges', 'hand', 'Coatue', 'access', 'way', 'inception', 'investors', 'receipt', 'decrease', 'strengthening', 'sterling', 'conclusion', 'largest', 'Trustees', '7.5 pence', 'shareholders', 'May', 'April', '11 pence', 'target', 'revenue', 'combustibles', 'capitalisation', 'amounts', '07', '8.1']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41713,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100969/dtcc-clearstream-and-euroclear-offer-digital-asset-blueprint,DTCC  Clearstream and Euroclear offer digital asset blueprint,Today  three of the world’s largest financial market infrastructures (FMIs) – DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear – in collaboration with Boston Consulting Group (BCG)  unveiled a blueprint for establishing an industry-wide digital asset ecosystem to drive acceptance of tokenized assets.,Source: DTCCToday  three of the world’s largest financial market infrastructures (FMIs) – DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear – in collaboration with Boston Consulting Group (BCG)  unveiled a blueprint for establishing an industry-wide digital asset ecosystem to drive acceptance of tokenized assets.By 2030  the tokenization of global illiquid assets is projected to be a $16 trillion business opportunity. However  progress on institutional adoption has reached an inflection point as firms continue innovating in silos  with small-scale initiatives that fail to progress or prioritize broad ecosystem development. The paper  “Building the Digital Asset Ecosystem ” looks to shift the industry’s focus by defining six principles to promote the successful adoption of tokenization and digital asset securities (excluding cryptocurrencies). It also details a comprehensive set of risk management controls to underpin the future of digital markets.The six principles are intended to serve as a roadmap for the industry to come together and develop comprehensive standards for the digital asset marketplace. They include:Legal Certainty – ensuring operations comply with law Regulatory Compliance – encouraging alignment with regulatory frameworks Resilience and Security – developing robust infrastructure capable of resisting disruptions while protecting sensitive data Safeguarding Customer Assets – implementing governance via smart contracts to manage assets securely Connectivity and Interoperability – facilitating transactions and flexible settlements across diverse networks Operational Scalability – striving for efficiency and cost-effectiveness through standardization.“While many firms recognize that blockchain holds enormous promise to deliver cost savings  capital efficiencies and reduced risk  the industry needs to pivot and demonstrate tangible results and value generation ” said Nadine Chakar  Managing Director  Global Head of DTCC Digital Assets. “We have a unique opportunity to transform the financial system  but it will require collaboration across a wide cross section of firms to build the infrastructure  standards  controls and governance to underpin digital markets. We are proud to lead this conversation and will use this paper as a springboard to build consensus and drive efforts forward.”“New technologies bear immense potential to bring financial markets to the next level of efficiency  speed and safety ” said Jens Hachmeister  Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets at Clearstream. “To make this evolution a sustainable one  we need industry-wide collaboration and unified standards to overcome current challenges and drive the seamless integration of digital assets in the global financial ecosystem. As financial market infrastructures  we are developing the foundation for future digital markets for the benefit of our clients and all market participants.”“Through a true collaborative effort  we have developed a plan to demonstrate the potential of digital assets ” said Philippe Laurensy  Managing Director and Head of Product  Strategy & Innovation  Euroclear. “Our objective is to create innovative solutions that will address the evolving needs of our customers and drive industry advancements which includes clients having the flexibility to create space on their balance sheets through tokenisation  therefore leading to new business opportunities. This collaboration is a testament to our commitment to innovation  and we look forward to the exciting opportunities that lie ahead and the positive impacts to be made for our clients and the global market.”The partnership between DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear draws on decades of shared experience providing infrastructure for global capital markets  as well as a vast network of client relationships  and a strong track record of supporting market evolution. The latest paper builds upon efforts by the FMIs last year to galvanize market participants globally on establishing a digital asset ecosystem  with the issuance of a whitepaper titled “Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together.”In addition to the six core principles  the latest paper also presents a list of controls to help firms mitigate risks such as asset mismanagement or insufficient controls to govern smart contracts. Recommended controls include defining who can access smart contracts  and maintaining a comprehensive record of digital asset events/transactions.The FMIs collaborated with BCG  which conducted an analysis including reviews of approximately 100 regulations and whitepapers across multiple jurisdictions  and over 20 interviews with key market participants and technology vendors.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.18,0.24,True,English,"['digital asset blueprint', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'largest financial market infrastructures', 'wide digital asset ecosystem', 'wide cross section', 'broad ecosystem development', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'true collaborative effort', 'digital asset securities', 'digital asset marketplace', 'Digital Asset Era', 'global financial ecosystem', '$16 trillion business opportunity', 'strong track record', 'new business opportunities', 'New Digital Markets', 'key market participants', 'global illiquid assets', 'six core principles', 'global capital markets', 'risk management controls', 'future digital markets', 'DTCC Digital Assets', 'financial markets', 'global market', 'asset mismanagement', 'financial system', 'six principles', 'New technologies', 'capital efficiencies', 'reduced risk', 'unique opportunity', 'exciting opportunities', 'comprehensive record', 'tokenized assets', 'Customer Assets', 'market evolution', 'institutional adoption', 'inflection point', 'small-scale initiatives', 'successful adoption', 'comprehensive set', 'Legal Certainty', 'Regulatory Compliance', 'regulatory frameworks', 'sensitive data', 'smart contracts', 'flexible settlements', 'diverse networks', 'Operational Scalability', 'enormous promise', 'cost savings', 'tangible results', 'value generation', 'Nadine Chakar', 'Managing Director', 'next level', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'Issuer Services', 'current challenges', 'seamless integration', 'Philippe Laurensy', 'innovative solutions', 'evolving needs', 'balance sheets', 'positive impacts', 'vast network', 'client relationships', 'multiple jurisdictions', 'technology vendors', 'Global Head', 'insufficient controls', 'Recommended controls', 'comprehensive standards', 'unified standards', 'immense potential', 'latest paper', 'robust infrastructure', 'The FMIs', 'many firms', 'industry-wide collaboration', 'industry advancements', 'Source', 'world', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'BCG', 'blueprint', 'acceptance', 'tokenization', 'progress', 'silos', 'focus', 'cryptocurrencies', 'roadmap', 'operations', 'law', 'alignment', 'Resilience', 'Security', 'disruptions', 'Safeguarding', 'governance', 'Connectivity', 'Interoperability', 'transactions', 'efficiency', 'cost-effectiveness', 'standardization', 'blockchain', 'conversation', 'springboard', 'consensus', 'efforts', 'speed', 'safety', 'foundation', 'benefit', 'clients', 'plan', 'Product', 'Strategy', 'Innovation', 'objective', 'customers', 'flexibility', 'space', 'tokenisation', 'testament', 'commitment', 'partnership', 'decades', 'experience', 'issuance', 'whitepaper', 'addition', 'list', 'risks', 'analysis', 'reviews', '100 regulations', '20 interviews']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,finextra.com
41714,Euroclear,Bing API,https://coingape.com/dtcc-and-fmi-partners-to-review-piles-of-regulations-with-16-trillion-digital-asset-vision-plan/,DTCC  FMI Partners To Review Regulations With $16 Trillion Digital Asset Vision Plan,DTCC  Clearstream  Euroclear will partner with the Boston Consulting Group for a $16 trillion vision plan toward better digital asset future.,DTCC and Financial Market Infrastructure (FMI) partners have come together to design a “blueprint” for the global digital asset ecosystem. Pushing for transition to the desired future  the partners cite a $16 trillion opportunity contingent on detractors being removed.DTCC and partners envision a $16 trillion opportunity within global digital asset ecosystemDTCC  Euroclear  and Clearstream have joined hands with the Boston Consulting Group towards a contemporary digital asset ecosystem. The firms envision a $16 trillion opportunity within the global digital asset space.advertisementIn a work plan  titled Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together  the firms introduce a blueprint to remove obstacles. Among the cited detractors in the path to industry growth  include “years of smaller-scale deployments ” according to the report  which cited “sub-scale  isolated pools of instrument liquidity on propriety DLTs [Distributed Ledger Technologies].”To this end  DTCC and the team will review almost 100 regulations and whitepapers from diverse ecosystems within the industry. They also plan to conduct more than 20 interviews with different market participants and technology vendors.Innovation And Adoption Remains Fragmented Despite Clear Opportunity  DTCCThere is only a handful of DLT protocols recording significant consolidated trading volumes. This  according to the report  is an obstacle to digital assets’ future because of a fragmented liquidity system and stagnating tokenization.The aftermath is costly maintenance of digital assets relative to their traditional alternatives in the short term. The blueprint therefore highlights medium and long-term opportunities that are already in place. These are legal clarity  regulatory compliance  resilience and security  customer asset protection  connectivity and interoperability  and operational scalability.Citing Managing Director and Global Head of DTCC Digital Assets  Nadine Chakar  “While many firms see potential in blockchain technology  including less risk and lower costs  the financial services industry still needs to pivot to distributed ledger technology.”Chakar therefore calls for “Collaboration across a wide cross-section of firms to build the infrastructure  standards  controls  and governance to underpin digital markets.” Clearstream Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services and New Digital Markets  Jens Hachmeister  supported the call.DTCC Digital Assets mobilizes the power of blockchain technology to build a global  liquid  and interconnected ecosystem for digital assets. Its key capabilities leverage blockchain to tokenize any asset  automate compliance  support market requirements  and launch digital assets marketplaces.Also Read: LINK Price Surges 7% As DTCC And Chainlink Wrap Up Pilot Program,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['$16 Trillion Digital Asset Vision Plan', 'FMI Partners', 'DTCC', 'Regulations', 'significant consolidated trading volumes', 'contemporary digital asset ecosystem', 'global digital asset space', 'global digital asset ecosystem', 'Digital Asset Era', 'customer asset protection', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'sub-scale, isolated pools', 'digital assets marketplaces', 'different market participants', 'New Digital Markets', 'Distributed Ledger Technologies', 'fragmented liquidity system', 'digital assets’ future', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'financial services industry', 'DTCC Digital Assets', 'Clearstream Managing Director', 'interconnected ecosystem', 'Global Head', 'market requirements', 'ledger technology', 'Issuer Services', '$16 trillion opportunity', 'work plan', 'industry growth', 'smaller-scale deployments', 'propriety DLTs', 'diverse ecosystems', 'technology vendors', 'Clear Opportunity', 'DLT protocols', 'stagnating tokenization', 'costly maintenance', 'traditional alternatives', 'short term', 'long-term opportunities', 'legal clarity', 'operational scalability', 'less risk', 'lower costs', 'wide cross-section', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'key capabilities', 'LINK Price', 'Chainlink Wrap', 'Pilot Program', 'blockchain technology', 'regulatory compliance', 'Nadine Chakar', 'many firms', 'FMI', 'partners', 'blueprint', 'transition', 'detractors', 'Euroclear', 'hands', 'advertisement', 'obstacles', 'path', 'years', 'report', 'instrument', 'team', '100 regulations', 'whitepapers', '20 interviews', 'Innovation', 'Adoption', 'handful', 'aftermath', 'medium', 'resilience', 'security', 'connectivity', 'interoperability', 'potential', 'Collaboration', 'standards', 'controls', 'governance', 'call', 'power']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,coingape.com
41715,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/dtcc-clearstream-and-euroclear-expand-digital-asset-partnership-with-establishment-of-control-principles/,DTCC  Clearstream and Euroclear expand digital asset partnership with establishment of control principles,The market infrastructure triumvirate calls for market-wide mobilisation of support for digital asset standards.,Building on the partnership formed last year to tackle the future of digital assets together  the Depositary Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  Clearstream and Euroclear have published a whitepaper to establish a set of risk management controls and guidelines for the future development of the technology.The principles  named the Digital Asset Securities Control Principles (DASCP)  are intended to serve as a guide for firms navigating the challenges posed by distributed ledger technology (DLT).The DASCP framework covers various value chain activities  including issuance  clearing  settlement  custody  and asset servicing. The guidelines currently exclude secondary trading activities.Designed to be asset class and technology-neutral  the DASCP does not advocate for any particular DLT architecture – be it public  private  permissioned  or public permissioned. The report stated that this ensures its applicability across various DLT platforms without endorsing specific third-party solutions.In a joint letter  the CEOs of the three organisations said: “Ultimately  we believe that industry collaboration is not only the most expedient way but also the most effective way to build a robust global digital assets ecosystem. We invite you to join us in this exciting journey that has the potential to redefine global finance  ensuring that this digital transformation benefits the ecosystem and contributes to sustainable economic growth.”The trio said this whitepaper marks the beginning of a more expansive programme  with the DASCP serving as a baseline for propelling the industry towards digital asset standards. Over 20 market participants participated in testing the DASCP  while all industry stakeholders have been invited to engage with and help evolve the framework moving forward.The letter continued: “The DASCP marks the starting point of further industrywide engagement to enable standardisation  drive adoption and unlock value. To achieve these goals  we intend to put these principles into action. By leveraging them in our digital asset activities  we will effectively demonstrate to clients  regulators  and the broader industry that digital asset securities can be just as safe and secure as traditional assets.”The whitepaper outlined three strategic priorities for establishing industry standards: forging a common language  enabling regulatory clarity  and providing a blueprint from industry-wide alignment.A series of in-depth discussions involving market participants will now follow the whitepaper  with a view to fostering open dialogue and collective intelligence – addressing the concerns and challenges faced by the industry in implementing the control principles.“Integrating these principles into future standards will be vital for enhancing security  efficiency  and promoting broad-based innovation within the industry ” the report said. “We are committed to not just working together but to moving forward with a purpose. This is a call for industry-wide mobilisation to support a vision. Let us unite in this endeavour to build a robust  integrated financial future. Together  we can advance the era of digital asset securities.”The whitepaper comes as the development of digital asset and tokenised solutions is really beginning to pick up pace in the industry. While widespread adoption may still be a long way off  participants from across the market are establishing dedicated units and testing potential use cases for the technology.The concern  however  is that innovation is taking place in silos  therefore the industry is looking to initiatives and market infrastructure providers – orutilities – to solve for this issue through standards and interoperability endeavours.For the market infrastructures themselves  questions have arisen around their role in a digital future – whereby new technologies have the potential to cut out parts of their role – and they are therefore looking to evolve and establish their place in the securities industry of the years to come.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.35,0.31,True,English,"['digital asset partnership', 'control principles', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'establishment', 'robust global digital assets ecosystem', 'robust, integrated financial future', 'Digital Asset Securities Control Principles', 'various value chain activities', 'secondary trading activities', 'digital asset activities', 'risk management controls', 'sustainable economic growth', 'various DLT platforms', 'specific third-party solutions', 'three strategic priorities', 'particular DLT architecture', 'digital asset standards', 'distributed ledger technology', 'potential use cases', 'The DASCP framework', 'global finance', 'digital future', 'digital transformation', 'traditional assets', 'asset servicing', 'asset class', 'securities industry', 'three organisations', 'tokenised solutions', 'future standards', 'Depositary Trust', 'expedient way', 'effective way', 'exciting journey', 'expansive programme', 'starting point', 'industrywide engagement', 'common language', 'regulatory clarity', 'industry-wide alignment', 'depth discussions', 'open dialogue', 'collective intelligence', 'industry-wide mobilisation', 'dedicated units', 'infrastructure providers', 'interoperability endeavours', 'new technologies', 'future development', 'market infrastructures', 'Clearing Corporation', 'joint letter', 'industry collaboration', 'industry stakeholders', 'broader industry', 'industry standards', 'broad-based innovation', 'widespread adoption', '20 market participants', 'partnership', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'whitepaper', 'guidelines', 'firms', 'challenges', 'issuance', 'settlement', 'custody', 'report', 'applicability', 'CEOs', 'trio', 'beginning', 'baseline', 'Over', 'standardisation', 'goals', 'action', 'clients', 'regulators', 'blueprint', 'series', 'view', 'concerns', 'security', 'efficiency', 'purpose', 'call', 'vision', 'pace', 'long', 'place', 'silos', 'initiatives', 'orutilities', 'issue', 'questions', 'role', 'parts', 'years']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,thetradenews.com
41716,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2024/05/225703-dtcc-clearstream-euroclear-work-with-boston-consulting-group-to-create-digital-asset-framework/,DTCC  Clearstream  Euroclear Work with Boston Consulting Group to Create Digital Asset Framework,Today  DTCC  Euroclear  and Clearstreem have announced they are working with the Boston Consulting Group to produce a “blueprint” for the global digital asset ecosystem. The document  titled Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together  is said to involve ...,Today  DTCC  Euroclear  and Clearstreem have announced they are working with the Boston Consulting Group to produce a “blueprint” for the global digital asset ecosystem. The document  titled Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together  is said to involve ...,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Boston Consulting Group', 'Digital Asset Framework', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'global digital asset ecosystem', 'Digital Asset Era', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstreem', 'blueprint', 'document']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,crowdfundinsider.com
41717,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REINET-INVESTMENTS-S-C-A-12416878/news/CONSOLIDATED-AUDITED-FINANCIAL-RESULTS-FOR-THE-YEAR-ENDED-31-MARCH-2024-AND-PROPOSED-DIVIDEND-46836479/,CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND,(marketscreener.com) Reinet Investments SCA / Key word: Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND 28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. …,Reinet Investments SCA / Key word(s): Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LRThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Board of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. announces the results of Reinet Investments S.C.A. for the year ended 31 March 2024 Key financial dataReinet’s net asset value of € 6.2 billion reflects a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent per annum in euro terms  since March 2009  including dividends paidThe net asset value at 31 March 2024 reflects an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from € 5 720 million at 31 March 2023Net asset value per share at 31 March 2024: € 34.02 (31 March 2023: € 31.46)Commitments totalling € 61 million in respect of new and existing investments were made during the year  with a total of € 128 million fundedDividends from British American Tobacco p.l.c. during the year amounted to € 130 millionInaugural dividend of € 57 million from Pension Insurance Corporation Group LimitedReinet dividend of € 0.30 per share  amounting to some € 55 million (excluding treasury shares)  paid during the yearProposed Reinet dividend of € 0.35 per share payable after the 2024 annual general meeting  increase of 16.67 per cent over prior year (September 2023: € 0.30 per share) CHAIRMAN’S COMMENTARY Dear Shareholder  Overview During the past year we have seen interest rates and inflation starting to decline in some major economies with available liquidity from the private and banking sectors for capital investments showing early signs of improvement  however the costs thereof remain high. Reinet’s portfolio remains well positioned to manage through these challenges with sufficient liquid resources on hand. Capital invested during the year amounted to some € 128 million  which was mostly in respect of funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and Coatue. Reinet has cash resources of some € 357 million and access to additional funds by way of additional borrowing facilities to meet investment obligations and other opportunities as they arise. Since its inception in 2008  Reinet has generated an annual return of 8.3 per cent for its investors based on the Reinet share price  with the underlying net asset value reflecting an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. Results At 31 March 2024  Reinet’s net asset value amounted to some € 6.2 billion  an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from 31 March 2023. The increase reflects the increase in value of Pension Insurance Corporation together with the receipt of significant dividends from both Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco  offset primarily by a decrease in the share price of British American Tobacco. The strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year also contributed to the positive results. Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation’s adjusted own funds increased from £ 5.9 billion to £ 6.3 billion over the last year with new business premiums increasing from £ 4.1 billion to £ 6.9 billion mainly due to the conclusion of the largest ever UK bulk annuity transaction in respect of a buy-in with the Trustees of two schemes sponsored by RSA Group. The board of Pension Insurance Corporation proposed an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2023. Reinet’s share of this dividend amounted to some £ 50 million. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Insurance Corporation approved a second dividend of 11 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2024. Reinet’s share of this second dividend amounted to some £ 73 million. The investment in British American Tobacco decreased in value in the year due to its share price decreasing from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024. At the British American Tobacco annual general meeting in April 2024  shareholders approved a dividend increase of 2 per cent to £ 2.36 per share. British American Tobacco continues to follow its strategic path to ‘A Better Tomorrow’ which means it is committed to building a smokeless world by migrating its cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. Its board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation and have set a target of 50 per cent of revenue from ‘non-combustibles’ by 2035. TruArc continues to pursue new opportunities and in early 2024  launched the TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  a fund seeking to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors  by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Reinet committed some € 17 million to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund as part of the first close and expects to commit further amounts at subsequent closings. Reinet’s total outstanding commitment to TruArc managed funds now stands at € 122 million  with some € 330 million invested to date. In 2009  Reinet announced its decision to invest in the private equity management business formerly owned by Lehman Brothers  the business was subsequently renamed Trilantic Capital Partners. As Reinet’s first private equity fund investment  uninvested limited partner commitments were taken over in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners’ Fund IV North America and Fund IV Europe. 15 years later  practically all underlying investments in these two funds have been realised. Over the years  Reinet has invested in a total of six funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  with € 517 million invested  € 597million distributed and a remaining carrying value of € 443 million. During the past year  total capital distributions of € 55 million were received and capital contributions of € 23 million paid. The Coatue Structured Funds continue to focus on privately negotiated structured financing transactions using their sector experience and platform resources to source these proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions  predominantly in the US technology sector. Reinet invested an additional € 20 million during the year  with a total outstanding commitment of € 209 million. Dividend The Board of Directors of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. proposes a dividend of € 0.35 per share  payable in September 2024. This represents a 16.67 per cent increase from last year. Outlook In 2023  the World Health Organisation officially declared the end of the COVID-19 pandemic however  we are faced with the ongoing Ukraine crisis  increasing unrest in the Middle East  heightened global geopolitical tensions  continuing elevated interest rates and stubborn inflation. We will continue to seek new investment opportunities and partnerships which fulfil our objective of providing long term capital growth and to support our existing portfolio companies to be successful against the global backdrop set out above. As with all conscientious investors we will need to generate returns for our shareholders from sustainable business practices and try to mitigate the ever-increasing risks posed by global warming. The introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union will bring enhanced sustainability reporting requirements over the next few years. As we see in other parts of the world  investors and businesses will need to focus more resources on reducing their impact on the environment while promoting investment in sustainable business practices. Reinet’s two largest investments  Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco already have well developed strategies in this regard. I would like to thank Reinet’s Directors  Board of Overseers  management and employees for their commitment to Reinet and to our partners in the investment community for their contribution to Reinet’s performance during the year. Johann Rupert Chairman Reinet Investments Manager S.A. Luxembourg  27 May 2024 BUSINESS OVERVIEW The Company has determined that it meets the definition of an investment entity in terms of International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) 10. The net asset value  the income statement and the cash flow statement included in this business overview have however been presented in a more comprehensive format than required by IFRS in order to provide readers with detailed information relating to the underlying assets and liabilities. Net asset value The net asset value (‘NAV’) at 31 March 2024 and 2023 comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m % € m % Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. 1 359 22.0 1 561 27.3 Other listed investments 93 1.5 83 1.4 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited 3 436 55.6 2 787 48.7 Private equity and related partnerships 1 167 18.9 1 138 19.9 Trilantic Capital Partners 443 7.2 472 8.2 Funds and related general partners TruArc Partners 372 6.0 301 5.3 Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company Coatue funds 73 1.2 50 0.9 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds 171 2.8 219 3.8 Milestone China Opportunities fund 13 44 Prescient China funds and management company 124 143 Asia Partners funds 34 32 Specialised investment funds 108 1.7 96 1.7 NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 107 94 Other fund investments 1 2 United States land development and mortgages 21 0.3 26 0.5 Other investments 75 1.2 58 1.0 Total investments 6 151 99.5 5 653 98.8 Cash and liquid funds 357 5.7 288 5.1 Bank borrowings (229) (3.7) (217) (3.8) Other liabilities Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets (95) (1.5) (4) (0.1) Net asset value 6 184 100.0 5 720 100.0 All investments are held  either directly or indirectly  by Reinet Fund. Information relating to current key investments AT 31 MARCH 2024 Committed amount(1) in millions Remaining committed amount(1) in millions Invested amount(2) in millions Realised amount(2) in millions Current fair value(1) in millions Total realised and unrealised value(3) in millions Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. EUR - - 1 739 3 415 1 359 4 774 GBP - - 1 418 2 866 1 162 4 028 Other listed investments EUR - - 127 68 93 161 USD - - 146 78 100 178 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group EUR - - 1 315 57 3 436 3 493 Limited GBP - - 1 112 50 2 938 2 988 Trilantic Capital Partners EUR 596 95 517 597 443 1 040 Euro investment EUR 85 19 66 149 44 193 US dollar investment(4) USD 552 82 514 524 431 955 TruArc Partners EUR 464 122 330 225 372 597 USD 500 132 368 253 402 655 Coatue funds EUR USD 278 300 209 225 70 75 - - 73 79 73 79 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Milestone China Opportunities funds and EUR - - 130 164 13 177 management company USD - - 169 185 14 199 Prescient China funds and management EUR - - 79 4 124 128 company USD - - 94 4 134 138 Asia Partners funds EUR 67 37 28 - 34 34 USD 73 40 33 - 37 37 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities EUR 173 47 123 62 107 169 Euro investment EUR – – 4 5 – 5 US dollar investment USD 187 51 136 68 115 183 United States land development and EUR 198 5 160 71 21 92 mortgages USD 214 5 209 78 23 101 Calculated using year-end foreign exchange rates. Calculated using actual foreign exchange rates at transaction date. Total of realised proceeds and current fair value. The invested amount for Trilantic Capital Partners includes an initial payment of $ 10 million. PERFORMANCE NET ASSET VALUE The NAV comprises total assets less total liabilities  and equates to total equity under International Financial Reporting Standards. The increase in the NAV of € 464 million during the year reflects increases in the estimated fair value and gains realised on certain investments including Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited (‘Pension Corporation’)  other listed investments  Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and NanoDimension funds together with dividends received from British American Tobacco p.l.c. (‘BAT’) and Pension Corporation. Offsetting these increases are decreases in the estimated fair value of certain investments including BAT  Prescient China funds and Milestone China Opportunities fund together with the dividend paid by the Company and expenses in respect of management and performance fees. Details of the Company’s NAV and details of movements in key investments can be found on pages 6 and 7 of this report. Reinet records its assets and liabilities in euro; the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro has resulted in an overall increase in the value of certain assets and liabilities in euro terms. Applying current year-end exchange rates to the March 2023 assets and liabilities would have resulted in an increase in the March 2023 NAV of some € 129 million. SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME As at 31 March 2024  there was no share buyback programme in progress. The Company repurchased 14 151 395 ordinary shares between November 2018 and May 2022 under five share buyback programmes. The cost of the ordinary shares repurchased amounted to € 222 million  plus transaction costs. Details of each completed share buyback programme to date can be found in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. All ordinary shares repurchased are held as treasury shares. NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE The NAV per share of the Company is calculated by dividing the NAV by the number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury shares) of 181 790 891 (31 March 2023: 181 790 891). 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 Shares in issue 195 942 286 195 942 286 Treasury shares (14 151 395) (14 151 395) Net shares 181 790 891 181 790 891 € m € m NAV (see page 4) 6 184 5 720 € per share € per share NAV per share 34.02 31.46 SHARE PRICE The Company’s indicative share price as quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange increased by 18.1 per cent in the year from € 18.80 at 31 March 2023 to € 22.20 at 31 March 2024  with the highest trade being at € 23.00 during the year. The total shareholder return since inception (taking into account the initial price of € 7.1945 and including dividends paid) is 8.3 per cent per annum. The growth in NAV  including dividends paid  reflects an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. Share prices as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 were as follows: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 ZAR EUR ZAR EUR Luxembourg - 22.20 - 18.80 Amsterdam - 22.20 - 19.00 Johannesburg 458.23 - 365.06 - GLOBAL MARKETS BACKDROP During the year  global markets continued to be impacted by the effects of the Ukraine crisis  turmoil in the Middle East  high interest rates and inflation. Whilst inflation has started to fall  high prices continue to put significant pressure on households and consumers as many central banks hold interest rates at current levels to mitigate the inflation concerns. The extent and impact of these factors remain uncertain. Reinet has no direct exposure to Russia  Ukraine or the Middle East through its underlying investments or banking relationships and has not experienced any significant direct impacts in respect of interest rate fluctuations or inflation. Reinet has various banking relationships with highly rated institutions  and a well-diversified approach to cash and liquidity management. Reinet continues to value its investments in line with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (‘IPEV’) guidelines and its approved valuation procedures and methodologies. All investment valuations have been prepared using latest available data  including exchange rates and listed share prices as at 31 March 2024. Discussions have taken place with fund managers and investee companies to determine any significant changes in value and any impacts related to the various geo-political areas of conflict  volatility in stock and currency markets  interest rates  inflation and exposure to certain financial institutions. Future valuations will take into account any new impacts of the above  which could affect the valuation of underlying investments. INVESTMENTS Reinet seeks  through a range of investment structures  to build partnerships with other investors  specialised fund managers and entrepreneurs to find and develop opportunities for long-term value creation for its shareholders. Since its formation in 2008  Reinet has invested some € 3.7 billion and at 31 March 2024 committed to provide further funding of € 559 million to its current investments. Details of the funding commitments outstanding are given in the table on page 21 of this report. New commitments during the year under review amounted to € 61 million  and a total of € 128 million was funded during the year. LISTED INVESTMENTS BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C. The investment in BAT remains one of Reinet’s largest investments and is kept under constant review  considering the company’s performance  the industry outlook  cash flows from dividends  stock market performance  volatility and liquidity. Luc Jobin  Chairman  and Tadeu Marroco  Chief Executive  writing in the BAT annual report for 2023 commented: Luc Jobin: ‘Our strategy and purpose were discussed extensively during 2023. The result of these discussions was the decision to provide greater clarity on what we mean by ‘A Better Tomorrow’. It means we are committed to building a smokeless world. This is a commitment to migrate our cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. We believe that growth within the smokeless category will be driven by sustained investment in our brands and targeted innovation to respond to evolving consumer preferences and tastes. While sustained volatility and uncertainty will continue to present challenges  we believe BAT remains well-positioned and resilient. We are diversified by category  price point and geography. Our smokeless portfolio has been designed to take advantage of sectorial shifts and our people are highly engaged with a track record of delivery during uncertain times. BAT’s board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation  by nurturing BAT’s culture  building our brands and delivering ‘A Better Tomorrow’ for our stakeholders.’ Tadeu Marroco: ‘During 2023  the underlying strengths of BAT were reflected in our performance  despite a challenging environment. While total group revenue declined 1.3 per cent  revenue at constant currency was up 1.6 per cent despite the negative impact due to the sale of Russia and Belarus partway through the year. There was another strong performance from our ‘New Categories’ which are now profitable at the category contribution level  driven by higher revenue (up 15.6 per cent  or 17.8 per cent on a constant currency basis). We currently have 24 million consumers of ‘Non-Combustible’ products and revenue from these products now accounts for 16.5 per cent of group revenue. As a business  we are committed to becoming a predominantly smokeless business  targeting 50 per cent of our revenue from ‘Non-Combustibles’ by 2035. We are an organisation ready to deliver  with operational excellence and an ability to flexibly manage our capital allocation decisions for the benefit of all stakeholders.’ During the year under review  dividend income recorded from BAT amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million)  being BAT’s second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends  together with the first 2024 quarterly dividend of some € 33 million (£ 28 million) with a record date of 22 March 2024. The first 2024 quarterly dividend was paid on 2 May 2024 and has been included as a receivable in the NAV as at 31 March 2024  due to the record date falling within this financial year. Reinet holds 48.3 million shares in BAT (31 March 2023: 48.3 million)  representing some 2.16 per cent of BAT’s issued share capital. The value of Reinet’s investment in BAT amounted to € 1 359 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 1 561 million)  being some 22.0 per cent of Reinet’s NAV. The decrease in value reflects the decrease in the BAT share price on the London Stock Exchange from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024 offset by the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year. Further information on BAT is available in its combined Annual and Sustainability report at www.bat.com. OTHER LISTED INVESTMENTS Other listed investments comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Grab Holdings Limited 31 29 Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. * 1 2 Soho China Limited 3 7 SPDR Gold shares 44 39 Twist Bioscience Corporation 14 6 93 83 *formerly Selecta Biosciences Inc. GRAB HOLDINGS LIMITED Grab Holdings Limited (‘Grab’) is a leading superapp platform in Southeast Asia  providing everyday services that matter to consumers  including food deliveries  mobility and the e-wallet segment of financial services. Grab offers a wide range of on-demand services across 480 cities in eight countries. Reinet holds 10 573 666 shares in Grab with a market value of € 31 million (31 March 2023: € 29 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Grab is available at www.grab.com. CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS  INC. In November 2023  Selecta Biosciences  Inc. merged with Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. (‘Cartesian’)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering RNA cell therapies for autoimmune diseases. The combined company is now known as Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. and its Nasdaq ticker symbol changed to ‘RNAC’. Cartesian is also a portfolio company of the NanoDimension funds. Reinet holds 1 395 460 shares with a market value of € 1 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Cartesian is available at www.cartesiantherapeutics.com. SOHO CHINA LIMITED Soho China Limited (‘Soho’) is a Chinese office developer focused on developing and leasing properties in the central business districts of Beijing and Shanghai. Soho developments are known for their modern architecture  with designs from architects such as Zaha Hadid and Japanese architect Kengo Kuma. Reinet holds 47 million shares with a market value of € 3 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 7 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Soho is available at www.sohochina.com. SPDR GOLD SHARES SPDR Gold shares (‘GLD’) is the largest physically backed gold exchange traded fund in the world. Over the long term  gold can provide a hedge against inflation and offer some protection against value changes in turbulent economic and political times. Reinet holds 230 000 shares with a market value of € 44 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 39 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the value of gold during the year. Further information on GLD is available at www.spdrgoldshares.com/usa. TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION Twist Bioscience Corporation (‘Twist’) is involved in the fields of medicine  agriculture  industrial chemicals and data storage  by using synthetic DNA tools  and has created a revolutionary silicon-based DNA synthesis platform that offers precision at a scale otherwise unavailable. Reinet holds 444 497 shares in Twist with a market value of € 14 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Twist is available at www.twistbioscience.com. UNLISTED INVESTMENTS Unlisted investments are carried at their estimated fair value. In determining fair value  Reinet Fund Manager S.A. (the ‘Fund Manager’) relies on audited and unaudited financial statements of investee companies  management reports and valuations provided by third-party experts. Valuation methodologies applied include the NAV of investment funds  discounted cash flow models and comparable valuation multiples  as appropriate. The third-party valuation reports and key assumptions used within these reports are reviewed by the external auditors. PENSION INSURANCE CORPORATION GROUP LIMITED Pension Corporation’s wholly-owned subsidiary  Pension Insurance Corporation plc (‘Pension Insurance Corporation’)  is a leading provider in the UK pension risk transfer market. During 2023  Pension Insurance Corporation concluded new business with premiums of £ 6.9 billion (2022: £ 4.1 billion). At 31 December 2023  Pension Corporation reported it held £ 46.8 billion in assets (31 December 2022: £ 41.2 billion) and insurance liabilities amounted to £ 41.2 billion (31 December 2022: £ 33.7 billion). The increase in value of both assets and liabilities is due to new business written  partly offset by payments made to policyholders. To date  Pension Insurance Corporation has insured 339 900 pension fund members (31 December 2022: 302 200). Clients include FTSE 100 companies  multinationals and the public sector. Pension Insurance Corporation has a total of £ 1.8 billion (31 December 2022: £ 1.6 billion) Tier 2 subordinated notes and £ 450 million (31 December 2022: £ 450 million) Tier 1 restricted notes outstanding. In September 2023  Fitch affirmed its Insurer Financial Strength rating at A+ (Strong) and Long-Term Issuer Default rating at A. The reported Solvency II capital ratio as at 31 December 2023 was 211 per cent (31 December 2022: 225 per cent). During 2023  Pension Corporation paid an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Corporation approved a dividend of 11.0 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 85 million (£ 73 million) was received in May 2024. Reinet has not recorded a receivable as at 31 March 2024  as the approval date falls outside this financial year. Reinet’s shareholding in Pension Corporation remained at 49.5 per cent in the year under review. Tracy Blackwell  Chief Executive Officer and Dom Veney  Chief Financial Officer of Pension Insurance Corporation  commented: Tracy Blackwell: ‘The Group had a very strong year  and our results demonstrate sustainable growth  increased profitability  and excellent customer service. During the year we completed the landmark £ 6.2 billion buy-in of two pension schemes sponsored by RSA Group  we made pension payments of £ 2.1 billion  our highest ever  with policyholder satisfaction levels of 99.3 per cent  and we have now paid £ 13.6 billion in pensions in total. We are delighted to have continued investing in vital UK infrastructure  creating considerable social value  including funding the UK’s first reservoir in over 30 years. We have now invested £ 13 billion in UK infrastructure and £ 29 billion in the UK in total. Our conservatively invested portfolio stands at £ 46.8 billion  and we were pleased to have avoided problems with US regional banks  commercial real estate  and those caused by the demise of Credit Suisse. Our balance sheet continues to be robust with a year-end solvency ratio of 211 per cent  which means we went into the new year well placed to help trustees looking to secure their member benefits in what we expect to be a very busy year. During the first two months of 2024 we completed £ 1.5 billion of new business  with an industry pipeline of £ 50 billion expected to complete this year. Pension Insurance Corporation is well positioned to fulfil its purpose  which is to pay the pensions of its current and future policyholders  as well as to play a leading role in the future growth of the UK pension risk transfer market.’ Dom Veney: ‘A strong set of financial results representing the continued delivery of our focused strategy despite volatile markets. Market volatility continued to be high in 2023  with stubbornly high inflation  large swings in UK and international interest rates and narrowing credit spreads. We maintain a prudent investment and hedging strategy that prioritises long-term stability and security for our policyholders  which enabled us to navigate through this volatility. Our investment strategy is to select assets that generate cash flows to match our future claims payments in both timing and amount  therefore the value of our assets and liabilities move broadly in tandem as factors such as interest and inflation rates change. IFRS profit before tax amounted to £ 303 million (2022: £ 93 million). From 1 January 2023 we adopted IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” the new global insurance accounting standard  which has fundamentally changed how companies account for insurance and reinsurance contracts. Key differences between the measurement of insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and IFRS 17 include the deferral of new business profits at inception. For a growing business such as Pension Insurance Corporation  this means that statutory profit recognition is slower under IFRS 17 than IFRS 4. IFRS 17 requires that new business profits are released over the length of the contracts.’ Reinet’s investment in Pension Corporation is carried at an estimated fair value of € 3 436 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 787 million). This value takes into account Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value at 31 December 2023 of £ 6.3 billion (31 December 2022: £ 5.9 billion)  corresponding valuation multiples drawn from industry data for a selected UK insurance peer group as at 31 March 2024  and a discount of 10 per cent which takes into account the illiquid nature of Reinet’s investment. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples following a generally strong public market performance for the peer group over the 12 months  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2023 and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation represents some 55.6 per cent of Reinet’s NAV at 31 March 2024  compared to 48.7 per cent at 31 March 2023. Pension Corporation believes sustainability is fundamental to the delivery of its purpose to pay policyholders now and for decades to come. Its sustainability strategy includes: continuing to build a secure and sustainable business; to carry on leading as a responsible corporate citizen; and to keep on driving long-term value growth. It has four distinct pillars which ensure alignment of its corporate strategy and actions to its purpose: long-term sustainable business; being a responsible investor; protecting the environment and making communities sustainable  safe and inclusive. Pension Insurance Corporation is one of the founding signatories of the Sustainability Principles Charter for the Bulk Purchase Annuity process and was also accepted as a signatory to the UK Stewardship Code. Further information on Pension Corporation and its sustainability reporting is available at www.pensioncorporation.com. PRIVATE EQUITY AND RELATED PARTNERSHIPS Where Reinet invests in funds managed by third parties  its philosophy is to partner with the managers of such funds and to share in fees generated by funds under management. This is the case with funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone Capital and Prescient Investment Management China. Under the terms of the investment advisory agreement (the ‘Investment Advisory Agreement’)  entered into by the Fund Manager and Reinet Investment Advisors Limited (the ‘Investment Advisor’)  Reinet pays no management fee to the Investment Advisor on such investments except in the case where no fee or a reduced fee below 1 per cent is paid to the third-party manager. In such cases  the aggregate fee payable to the Investment Advisor and the third-party manager is capped at 1 per cent. TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS Trilantic Capital Partners (‘Trilantic’) is composed of Trilantic North America and Trilantic Europe  two separate and independent private equity investment advisors focused on making controlling and significant minority interest investments in companies in their respective geographies. Trilantic North America currently targets investments in the business services and consumer sectors  and currently manages five fund families. Trilantic Europe primarily targets investments in the industrials  consumer and leisure  telecommunication  media and technology  business services and healthcare sectors  and currently manages three fund families. Reinet and its minority partner invest in certain of the Trilantic general partnerships (‘Trilantic Management’). Reinet and its minority partner  through Reinet TCP Holdings Limited  invest in two of the current funds under Trilantic’s management. Reinet also directly invests in three additional funds under Trilantic’s management. The terms of investment applicable to Reinet’s investment in the Trilantic funds provide that Reinet will not pay any management fees or carried interest. In addition  Reinet receives a share of the carried interest payable on the realisation of investments held in the funds  once a hurdle rate has been achieved. Reinet TCP Holdings Limited invests in Trilantic Capital Partners IV L.P. (‘Fund IV’) and Trilantic Capital Partners IV (Europe) L.P.; these funds are in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2012  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners V (North America) L.P. (‘Fund V’) and in 2014  in Trilantic Energy Partners (North America) L.P. (‘TEP I’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities. TEP I disposed of its last investment and was subsequently dissolved in 2024 and Fund V is in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2017  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners VI Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles  ‘Fund VI’) and Trilantic Energy Partners II Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles ‘TEP II’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities with TEP II being especially focused on the energy industry sector. Charlie Ayres  Chairman of Trilantic North America and the Executive Committee of Trilantic Capital Partners  commented: ‘Investor optimism persists despite significant turmoil in the bank industry during 2023  including failures at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank; UBS’ takeover of its rival Credit Suisse; and JPMorgan’s takeover of First Republic. Market statistics in the private equity arena were lackluster during 2023. Buyout deal activity and exit activity remained sluggish  and purchase prices softened. The IPO market in the Americas picked up from low 2022 levels but remained muted compared to historical levels. In 2023  the number of IPOs in the Americas was up 15 per cent over 2022. America’s IPO proceeds were up nearly 3x due to several large deals. Financing for new private equity-backed investments remains discerning. Higher interest rates have subdued appetite for highly-levered buyouts and put downward pressure on pricing. Private equity investors hold significant dry powder  and with an improving macro backdrop  deal volume will likely pick up during 2024 and the bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers will resolve. As investors look forward to 2024  Fed policy  inflation  geopolitical events and the U.S. presidential election will likely remain key influencers on their outlook. Key highlights from the past year include: -Completed 3 significant realisations across Funds V and VI North America  with total proceeds of $ 614 million  -The Fund VI North America portfolio completed 18 add-on acquisitions in 2023  -Total portfolio value accretion of $ 91 million during 2023  -We continue to manage an active portfolio of assets that we believe have strong balance sheets and below-market leverage companies. We are on track to publish our 4th Annual ESG Report in May 2024. We continue to focus on KPIs influenced by ILPA’s ESG Convergence project. We are proud signatories to both the U.N. Principals for Responsible Investing and ILPA’s Diversity in Action initiative.’ Vittorio Pignatti-Morano  Chairman of Trilantic Europe  commented: ‘The macroeconomic scenario at the beginning of 2023 made us wary of rampant inflation  which central banks announced had to be fought with harsh monetary policy  and which most economists predicted would trigger a recession. Markets were pricing-in this gloomy scenario after having already suffered an 18 per cent drop in equity indexes and an equally disastrous performance in the bond market the year prior. In Q4 2023  the narrative changed: (i) inflation appears to have been primarily triggered by corporate margin expansion  rather than by wage increases or excessive consumption  (ii) interest rate hikes did not dampen economic activity and  especially in the US  consumers continued spending  unemployment remained at a record low  and recessionary fears shifted from red alert to mild  (iii) central banks  reverting to their original mission of protection of the value of money  changed their narrative as well  they began by stating that signs of inflation abating could allow them to halt hiking rates and then  in Q4 2023  they hinted at the possibility of rate reductions in the spring or summer of 2024 and (iv) a slowdown in Chinese domestic demand shifted local producers’ focus to exports to US and Europe at reduced prices  hence contributing to ‘exporting deflation’. For Trilantic Europe  the year proved overall positive  despite its complexities. We continued our active portfolio management across the portfolio and strengthened our own organisation with the appointment of Javier Olascoaga as Managing Partner  and eight new team additions in the last twelve months  including the appointment of two new partners.’ Reinet’s investment in Trilantic Management and the above funds is carried at the estimated fair value of € 443 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 472 million) of which € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 2 million) is attributable to the minority partner. The estimated fair value is based on audited valuation data provided by Trilantic Management at 31 December 2023 adjusted for changes in the value of listed investments included in the portfolios and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value is due to net capital distributions of € 55 million  offset by capital contributions of € 23 million  increases in the estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year under review  gains of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 21 million) were realised. In addition carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) and current income of € 4 million (31 March 2023: € 1 million) were received. Further information on Trilantic is available at www.trilantic.com. TRUARC PARTNERS FUNDS  CO-INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY TruArc Partners LP (‘TruArc’) is a middle market focused investment management firm led by a team that has worked together since 2005 and has deployed over $ 3 billion of capital. TruArc focuses on companies in attractive sub-sectors of Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services. The TruArc investment team works closely with its operating partners and portfolio management teams in an effort to generate value through a transformational growth strategy focused on both organic growth and acquisitions. Reinet is invested in Snow Phipps II  Snow Phipps III  TruArc Fund IV  in two co-investment opportunities alongside Snow Phipps III  and in the management company. In April 2023 Reinet committed an additional € 2 million in respect of the co-investments. The full amount was funded in May 2023. In February 2024  Reinet committed € 17 million ($ 18 million) to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  LP as part of the first close. This amount will increase at subsequent closings. As at 31 March 2024 no capital has been called. TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund intends to offer resources and capital in close partnership with controlling shareholders and management to support the growth of these investee entities. TruArc’s bespoke capital solutions will seek to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Ogden Phipps  Co-Managing Partner of TruArc Partners  commented: ‘2023 was a year of continued positive momentum for TruArc. We completed the acquisition of two new platform companies in Fund IV  bringing the total to seven platform companies in that fund as of the end of December. Each company is investing in organic initiatives to drive transformational growth. Commercially-focused initiatives include sales force expansion  digital marketing  rebranding and tech-enablement. Operationally-focused initiatives include technology infrastructure  footprint optimization  acquisition integration and procurement strategies. A key component of our investment approach is to execute a “buy and build” value creation strategy  and during 2023 we completed 15 add-on acquisitions across the TruArc-managed portfolio companies that we believe are strategically important and financially accretive. We are encouraged by the strength of our management teams as they lead our portfolio companies and seek to build value through transformational growth across the TruArc portfolio. In addition  we recently launched TruArc’s Structured Opportunities strategy  which is highly complementary to our established core Private Equity strategy. Structured Opportunities seeks to provide customized securities to middle market Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services companies in need of flexible and dynamic capital solutions to facilitate strategic goals and address the unique and complex needs of each transaction while bringing to bear the full resources of the TruArc platform.’ Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 372 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 301 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by TruArc at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects net capital contributions of € 45 million  together with increases in estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on TruArc Partners is available at www.truarcpartners.com. COATUE FUNDS Coatue Management L.L.C. (‘Coatue’) is a global investment firm focused on technology-related investment opportunities led by its founder  Mr Philippe Laffont. Coatue invests in public and private markets with an emphasis on technology  media  telecommunications  the consumer and healthcare sectors. Reinet is invested in Coatue Structured Offshore Feeder Fund LP and Coatue Tactical Solutions CT Offshore Fund B LP (together the ‘Coatue Structured Funds’). The Coatue Structured Funds seek to invest in structured investments in both publicly listed and privately held technology companies  focusing on investments that offer downside protection while retaining upside potential. The Coatue Structured Funds focus on privately negotiated transactions leveraging Coatue’s sector experience and platform resources to source proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions such as M&A  and establishing paths toward accelerating organic growth. Coatue believes there is a substantial universe of potential investment opportunities and that the market could produce significant structured capital opportunities. Coatue generally focuses on companies that it believes are: 1) powered by a strong underlying trend; 2) established winners or breakout leaders within a category or trend; 3) pursuing a large total addressable market; 4) operating business models with strong unit economics; and 5) led by visionary founders and experienced management teams. Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 73 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 50 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by Coatue at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 20 million  together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Coatue is available at www.coatue.com ASIAN PRIVATE EQUITY COMPANIES AND PORTFOLIO FUNDS Milestone China Opportunities fund Milestone China Opportunities fund Reinet is invested in Milestone China Opportunities Fund III L.P. (‘Milestone III’)  a fund managed by Milestone Capital. Milestone III is in the process of realising its remaining underlying investments. Milestone Capital has a strong track record in helping portfolio companies scale their operations and become listed on either domestic or foreign stock exchanges. Yunli Lou  Managing Partner of Milestone Capital  commented: ‘During 2023  Milestone Capital continued working closely with our portfolio companies to achieve exits. We continued selling down our shares in a listed cosmetics e-commerce platform and achieved a full exit in the first quarter of 2024. We also entered into definitive agreements with one medical consumable company to fully redeem our remaining stake; the deal was closed in early 2024. During 2023  China’s economy was weak despite its reopening after COVID-19. Full year GDP was $ 17.5 trillion  up by 5.2 per cent year-on-year. But if measured in two-year CAGR to eliminate the low base in 2022  GDP grew by only 4.1 per cent. Deflation pressure increased in the economy  with CPI growing by 0.2 per cent year-on-year in 2023  the lowest growth since 2009. The property sector continued to drag down the economy throughout the year  property development investment declined by 9.6% year-on-year and property sales declined by 6.5 per cent year-on-year. Capital markets also performed poorly  impacted by the weakened economy and sentiment. The government announced a series of policies throughout the year to boost the economic growth and market confidence  such as loosening property purchase restrictions  lowering mortgage rates and lowering bank reserve ratio.’ The investment in Milestone III is held at the estimated fair value of € 13 million (31 March 2023: € 44 million) based on audited financial information provided by Milestone Capital at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects capital distributions of € 11 million  together with decreases in estimated fair values of underlying investments  offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year the investment held by Reinet in the management company was fully realised with proceeds included in the distributions noted above. In addition  an older vintage fund was wound up resulting in a realised loss of € 18 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. Subsequent to the year end a distribution of € 9 million was received from Milestone III. Further information on Milestone is available at www.mcmchina.com. Prescient China funds and management company Reinet is invested in the Prescient China Equity Fund  the Prescient China Balanced Fund  the Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund and the management company. The Prescient China Equity Fund uses a systematic  quantitative approach to seek long-term capital growth by investing primarily in China ‘A’ shares listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges by virtue of Prescient’s Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor status granted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Prescient China Balanced Fund invests in equities following a similar strategy to the Prescient China Equity Fund and also in bonds  cash and derivatives with the objective of generating inflation-beating returns at acceptable risk levels. Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund aims to achieve long-term capital growth at significantly lower return volatility than conventional multi-asset China investment strategies. The fund will predominantly invest in mainland Chinese equities  bonds  cash  money market instruments and derivatives. All funds are managed by a subsidiary of Prescient Limited (‘Prescient’)  a South African fund manager  with the team based in Shanghai. Liang Du  Portfolio Manager of Prescient  commented: ‘Over the past year a slower than expected recovery in the Chinese economy resulted in a weak year for the Chinese equity market. The collapse of major developers and bursting of the property bubble resulted in the slowest growth in 30 years for China. Property makes up a large part of the average investor wealth  with the direct and indirect impact being lower consumer confidence resulting in lower demand  lower investment and lower growth. Although the property sector has been a drag on the overall economy  the rest of the economy is growing at a healthy rate  fast moving economic data shows a slowly improving economy with the government directly engaged in protecting the banking sector from property associated risks. The past few years have been challenging for the Chinese market bringing valuations to decade lows. Prescient’s performance has remained consistent and strong among our funds and we continue to build our brand and products on strong foundations. With China remaining one of the cheapest markets in the world  we see rising interest from clients who have previously not invested in China. We are in China for the long term  although painful over the short term the bursting of the property bubble will finally drive capital towards more productive sectors in the economy  leading to growth in the asset management industry with properties no longer forming the core. These trends should benefit our industry and the Prescient funds over the longer term.’ Reinet’s total investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 124 million based on unaudited financial information provided by Prescient at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 143 million). The decrease in estimated fair value mainly reflects decreases in the value of the underlying fund investments offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Prescient is available at www.prescient.co.za. Asia Partners funds Reinet is invested in Asia Partners I LP and Asia Partners II LP. Asia Partners I LP is the inaugural fund of Asia Partners Fund Management Pte. Ltd (‘Asia Partners’)  a Singapore-based growth equity investment firm. Asia Partners II LP  a successor fund  was launched in April 2022. Asia Partners bases its investment strategy on the long-term growth potential of Southeast Asia  the rapid growth of innovative technology and technology-enabled businesses in the region  and target investments in the $ 20 million to $ 80 million range  often described as the ‘Series C/D Gap’ between early-stage venture capital and the public capital markets. Oliver Rippel  Co-Founder and Partner of Asia Partners  commented: ‘Asia Partners has successfully completed the final closing of our second Fund  raising a total of $ 474 million. This significant milestone brings our total assets under management to $ 1.0 billion. Our investment focus remains on the promising long-term growth prospects of Southeast Asia. The critical importance of this region given its growing affluence  the accelerating shift towards digital lifestyles  alongside being home to almost 10 per cent of the world's population  in addition to growing economic ties in global trade and supply chain dynamics  reinforces our commitment. We believe in the potential for growth equity to accelerate economic growth throughout Southeast Asia. We will continue to nurture the development of Southeast Asia's emerging entrepreneurs  ultimately helping them transition to become sizeable public companies.’ In April 2022  Reinet committed € 29 million ($ 31 million) to Asia Partners II LP as part of the first close. This amount increased to € 44 million ($ 47 million) through March 2024. The investment in Asia Partners funds is held at the estimated fair value of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 32 million) based on audited financial information provided by Asia Partners at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 4 million  together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by decreases in the value of underlying investments. Further information on Asia Partners is available at www.asiapartners.com. SPECIALISED INVESTMENT FUNDS NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities ND Capital (‘NanoDimension’) is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 that invests in disruptive technologies in and at the intersection of the life and physical sciences  accelerated by data sciences. Their core belief is that scientific disciplines will continue to converge  and that some of the biggest breakthroughs will occur at the intersection of two or more disciplines. The focus of each fund is to invest in and support the establishment  technology development and scale up  growth and commercialisation of portfolio companies. They believe that these disruptive technologies address some of the biggest societal problems. Investments range from molecular diagnostics  cell and gene therapies  organs on chip  DNA synthesis and DNA editing  energy storage and electrical propulsion systems for aviation. They invest predominantly across the United States and Europe with additional investments in Canada  Denmark and the United Kingdom. Aymeric Sallin  Founder of NanoDimension  commented: ‘2023 was one of the most important years for ND Capital  despite a challenging Venture Capital (VC) market. Only 154 IPOs took place in 2023 versus an average of 750 in 2020/21  which were fueled by the SPAC and a robust technology sector. Technology M&A were down 51 per cent in value  year over year. VC distributions hit the lowest level of the last 14 years. Three of our portfolio companies were sold to listed entities  for total proceeds of $ 1.6 billion. ND Capital was the lead investor in one of the investments where the exit had a significant impact and distributions for two of our funds  as well as our reputation. Key portfolio companies managed to raise substantial additional capital of approximately $ 455 million from third parties on good terms  which should set them up for their next phase of development.’ Reinet is a limited partner in NanoDimension II L.P.  NanoDimension III L.P.  NanoDimension IV L.P. and ND Capital Opportunity Fund I L.P.  and is invested in one co-investment opportunity alongside NanoDimension II L.P. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of Reinet’s investment amounted to € 107 million (31 March 2023: € 94 million) based on audited valuation data provided by NanoDimension as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 13 million together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by distributions of € 16 million. Further information on NanoDimension is available at www.nd.capital. Other fund investments Other fund investments This includes small  specialist funds investing in private equity businesses and start-up ventures. Other fund investments are valued in total at their estimated fair value of € 1 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million) based on the latest available valuation statements received from the fund managers. The decrease in the estimated fair value principally reflects decreases in the value of underlying investments. UNITED STATES LAND DEVELOPMENT AND MORTGAGES Reinet has invested in certain real estate development projects and related businesses located in the United States (including Florida  North Carolina and South Carolina). Reinet has also purchased mortgage debt associated with such developments from financial institutions  usually at significant discounts to face value. The core land development process encompasses land planning  attaining entitlements from governmental bodies and installation of community infrastructure. Other investments in mitigation banks facilitate the preservation of land to offset the loss of wetlands necessitated by public improvements  such as highway construction  and other privately-sponsored developments. Bill Lanius  Chief Executive Officer of United States land development and mortgages  commented: ‘Our United States land development and mortgages business has been positioned to serve the homebuilding industry which has shown resilience this past year. Escalation in home prices combined with interest rates that remain high by the standards of recent decades have dampened demand. At the same time  many homeowners are reluctant to forfeit low mortgage rates that were previously obtained on their existing homes. This ‘lock-in effect’ has suppressed the inventory of existing housing stock but has helped support new home demand for which we provide developed sites. While supply chain constraints have improved  challenges associated with the regulatory environment have heightened. During our most recent fiscal year  the United States land development and mortgages business monetized target investment positions in transactions that were accretive to value and generated liquidity to facilitate our future business plans.’ The investment is carried at the estimated fair value of € 21 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 26 million). The current valuation is based on audited and unaudited financial statements as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects repayments received during the year of € 7 million  offset by increases in the valuation of underlying assets together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro during the year. OTHER INVESTMENTS Other investments are carried at their estimated fair value of € 75 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 58 million). The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 22 million together with increases in the valuation of underlying investments and the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by a capital distribution of € 5 million. An investment was realised during the year resulting in a loss of € 26 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. COMMITTED DURING THE YEAR Commitments made in the year amounted to € 61 million and cancelled commitments in respect of fully exited funds amounted to € 5 million. TOTAL COMMITMENTS Funding commitments are entered into in various currencies including sterling and US dollar and are converted into euro using 31 March 2024 exchange rates. The table below summarises Reinet’s investment commitments as at 31 March 2024. 31 March 2023(1) € m Exchange rate effects(2) € m Committed during the year(3) € m Funded during the year(3) € m 31 March 2024(3) € m 31 March 2024 % Private equity and related partnerships Trilantic Capital Partners Funds and related general partners(4) 120 1 (5) (23) 93 16.7 TruArc Partners Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company 148 1 19 (46) 122 21.8 Coatue funds 228 1 – (20) 209 37.4 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Asia Partners funds 32 – 9 (4) 37 6.6 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 60 - – (13) 47 8.4 Other fund investments 32 1 – – 33 5.9 United States land development and mortgages 5 – – – 5 0.9 Other investments 2 – 33 (22) 13 2.3 627 4 56 (128) 559 100.0 (1) Commitments calculated using 31 March 2023 exchange rates. (2) Reflects exchange rate movements between 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024. (3) Amounts calculated using 31 March 2024 exchange rates  which may differ from actual exchange rates on the transaction date. (4) Commitments noted represent only Reinet’s share of the investments at 31 March 2024  additional commitments payable by the minority partner amount to € 2 million in respect of Trilantic. The reduction in the commitment relates to remaining uncalled commitments in respect of a fund which was dissolved in the year.CASH AND LIQUID FUNDS Reinet holds cash on deposit principally in European-based banks and in liquidity funds holding highly rated short-term instruments. Reinet’s liquidity is measured by its ability to meet potential cash requirements  including unfunded commitments on investments and the repayment of borrowings  and at 31 March 2024 can be summarised as follows: Cash and liquid funds € 357 m Undrawn borrowing facilities € 234 m Cash required for unfunded commitments (refer to table on previous page) (€ 559 m) Cash required to meet GBP borrowing obligations (€ 234 m) The undrawn borrowing facilities comprise a revolving facility with Bank of America  N.A. and with Citibank N.A. (see below). Reinet may sell further BAT shares or use such shares to secure additional financing facilities from time to time. BANK BORROWINGS BORROWINGS BORROWINGS Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Citibank N.A.  which is repayable in August 2024. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 115 million (31 March 2023: € 108 million). In addition  Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Bank of America  N.A.  which is repayable in March 2025. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 114 million (31 March 2023: € 109 million). The increase in the estimated fair value of both loans reflects the strengthening of sterling in the year  together with the reduction in the time remaining to maturity  offset by an increase in the discount rates used (due to increases in market interest rates). Some 15 million BAT shares have been pledged to collateralise these two loans. In addition  Reinet has a facility agreement in place with Citibank N.A. up to August 2024 and with Bank of America  N.A. up to March 2025. These facilities allow Reinet to drawdown the equivalent of up to € 234 million (£ 200 million) in a combination of currencies to fund further investment commitments. As at 31 March 2024 no funds have been drawn under these facilities. OTHER LIABILITIES Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Minority interest (4) (4) Management fee (19) (19) Performance fee (90) - Tax provisions (4) (5) Accruals and other payables  net of other receivables (11) (8) BAT dividend receivable 33 32 Total other liabilities (95) (4) The minority interest liability is in respect of a minority partner’s share in the gains and losses not yet distributed arising from the estimated fair value movement of investments in which they have interests. Tax provisions relate to realised and unrealised gains arising from the investments in Trilantic Capital Partners together with withholding and corporate taxes relating to the investment in United States land development and mortgages. The BAT dividend receivable had a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. A provision of € 90 million has been made in respect of a performance fee as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil) as the conditions required to pay a fee had been met at the year end date. In order for a performance fee to be payable at 31 March 2024  the volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share determined by taking into account volume and price information on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange over the last 20 trading days of the financial year under review would need to exceed € 18.33. The volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share was € 22.93 for the last 20 trading days of the financial year  and as such a performance fee is payable. The performance fee and management fee are payable to Reinet Investment Advisors Limited. INCOME STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024€ m € m Year ended 31 March 2023€ m € m Income BAT dividends 130 122 Pension Corporation dividend 57 - Interest and other investment income 31 23 Realised (loss)/gain on sale of investments (9) 13 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Total income 212 164 Expenses Management fee (48) (49) Performance fee (90) - Operating expenses  foreign exchange and transaction-related costs (7) (6) Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Tax expense (1) (5) Total expenses (152) (65) Realised investment income  net of expenses 60 99 Fair value adjustments BAT (202) (271) Pension Corporation 649 (15) Other investments 20 55 Derivative instruments - (1) Borrowings (12) 11 Total fair value adjustments 455 (221) 515 (122) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Net profit/(loss) 519 (120) Minority interest - - Profit/(loss) attributable to the shareholders of the Company 519 (120) INCOME Dividend income from BAT recorded during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 107 million)). Dividend income received from BAT during the year represents the second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid and the first 2024 quarterly dividend with a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. Dividend income from Pension Corporation amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023  being an inaugural dividend of 7.50 pence per ordinary share. Interest income is earned on bank deposits  liquidity funds  investments and loans made to underlying investments. Realised losses on investments were in respect of investments held in Milestone funds and other investments  offset by realised gains in respect of investments held in Trilantic Capital Partners. Carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) was attributable to Reinet in respect of investments realised by Trilantic Capital Partners. EXPENSES The management fee for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounts to € 48 million and is based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 616 million at 30 September 2023 and € 5 721 million at 31 March 2023 (31 March 2023: € 49 million  based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 441 million at 30 September 2022 and € 5 890 million at 31 March 2022). A performance fee of € 90 million is payable for the year ended 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil). The performance fee is calculated as 10 per cent of the Cumulative Total Shareholder Return as defined in the Company’s prospectus  published on 10 October 2008 as last amended on 25 August 2020  including dividends paid  over the period since completion of the rights issue in December 2008 up to 31 March 2024  less the sum of all performance fees paid in respect of previous periods. Operating expenses of € 7 million include € 1 million in respect of charges from Reinet Investments Manager S.A. (the ‘General Partner’)  and other expenses which amounted to € 6 million. The net tax expense of € 1 million includes corporate and withholding taxes payable in respect of gains realised on Trilantic Capital Partners  together with deferred tax provisions related to unrealised gains  expected distributions and accrued interest in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and United States land development and mortgages. FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS The investment in 48.3 million BAT shares decreased in value by € 202 million during the year under review. Of this  € 243 million was attributable to the decrease in value of the underlying BAT shares in sterling  offset by an increase of € 41 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review (refer to pages 10 to 12 for more detail). The unrealised fair value adjustment of € 20 million in respect of other investments includes an increase in the estimated fair value of TruArc Partners  other listed investments and NanoDimension  offset by decreases in the fair value of Prescient China funds and Milestone. The above amounts include the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in the year under review. Borrowings are carried at estimated fair value reflecting the discounted cash flow value of future principal and interest payments taking into account prevailing interest rates. Unrealised losses of € 12 million during the year were in respect of changes in the estimated fair value of the Citibank N.A. and Bank of America  N.A. loans. MINORITY INTEREST The minority interest expense arises in respect of the minority partner’s share in the earnings of Reinet TCP Holdings Limited. CASH FLOW STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024 Year ended 31 March 2023 € m € m € m € m Investing activities Purchase of investments  net of repayments (116) (167) Proceeds from sales of investments 84 76 Net cash and liquid funds used in investing activities (32) (91) Financing activities Dividend paid (55) (51) Cost of share buyback programmes - (45) Net cash and liquid funds used in financing activities (55) (96) Operating activities Dividends received 186 122 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Interest income 16 6 Operating and related expenses (46) (58) Taxation paid (1) (13) Net cash and liquid funds generated by operating activities 152 58 Net cash inflowith(outflow) 65 (129) Opening cash and liquid funds position 288 415 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Closing cash and liquid funds position(1) 357 288 (1) Includes cash and liquid funds held in the Company  Reinet Fund and its subsidiaries. INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments totalling € 116 million were made during the year  including Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Coatue funds  Asia Partners funds  NanoDimension funds  and other investments. Amounts invested were partially offset by repayments in respect of loans received from United States land development and mortgages and other investments. Proceeds from the sale of investments were in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone China Opportunities funds and NanoDimension funds. FINANCING ACTIVITIES A dividend of some € 54.5 million was paid to shareholders in September 2023. OPERATING ACTIVITIES Dividends received from BAT during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 129 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 105 million)). The dividends received from BAT during the year represent the first  second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid. A dividend received from Pension Corporation during the year amounted to € 57 million (£ 50 million). Interest of € 6 million was paid in respect of the sterling-denominated loans. Interest income relates to cash on deposit in banks and liquidity funds. Net US tax payments of € 1 million were paid in the year under review. This amount includes taxes withheld by US paying agents in respect of gains and carried interest received  together with estimated taxes paid on gains and income which will be taxable in the United States. Cash and liquid funds increased by € 69 million over the year to € 357 million as the amounts received in respect of dividends and distributions from investments exceeded amounts paid in respect of investments  dividends  management fee and operating expenses. DIVIDEND The Company relies on distributions from Reinet Fund as its principal source of income from which it may pay dividends. A cash dividend of some € 54.5 million or € 0.30 per share (excluding treasury shares held) was paid in September 2023  following approval at the annual general meeting held on 29 August 2023. The General Partner has proposed a cash dividend of € 0.35 per share subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting  which is scheduled to take place in Luxembourg on Tuesday  27 August 2024. There is no Luxembourg withholding tax payable on dividends which may be declared by the Company. In 2013 the Company sought clarification from the South African Revenue Service (‘SARS’) as to the treatment of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of depository receipts issued by Reinet Securities SA in respect of Reinet ordinary shares. This ruling was renewed for a further 5 years on 8 March 2018 and again on 17 October 2023 in respect of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of the Company’s ordinary shares listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. The dividend will be payable in accordance with the following schedule  subject to shareholder approval: The last day to trade the Company’s shares cum-dividend in Europe will be Wednesday  11 September 2024 and in South Africa  Tuesday  10 September 2024. The Company’s shares will trade ex-dividend from Thursday  12 September 2024 in Europe and from Wednesday  11 September 2024 in South Africa. The record date for the Company’s shares in Europe and in South Africa will be Friday  13 September 2024. The dividend on the Company’s shares in Europe will be paid on Wednesday  18 September 2024 and is payable in euro. The dividend on the Company’s shares in South Africa will be paid in South African rand on Wednesday  18 September 2024. Further details regarding the dividend payable to South African holders may be found in a separate announcement dated 28 May 2024 on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange News Service. No cross-border movements of Reinet ordinary shares will be permitted between the clearing and settlement systems for the Dutch and Luxembourgish stock exchanges (Euroclear Nederland  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream) and the clearing and settlement system for the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (Strate) between Tuesday  10 September 2024 and Friday  13 September 2024  both days inclusive. CAPITAL STRUCTURE As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  there were 195 941 286 ordinary shares and 1 000 management shares in issue. As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  the Company held 14 151 395 ordinary shares as treasury shares. The voting and dividend rights attached to the treasury shares are suspended. Therefore  the total number of voting rights at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 was 181 790 891. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated audited financial statements at 31 March 2024  on which this announcement is based  have been approved by the Board of the General Partner on 23 May 2024 and are subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting to be held in August 2024. The printed Reinet Annual Report and Accounts will be available upon request from mid-July 2024. SHARE INFORMATION The Company ordinary shares are listed and traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘REINI’  Refinitiv code REIT.LU)  on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol ‘REINA’  Refinitiv code REIT.AS) and on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘RNI’  Refinitiv code RNIJ.J) with the ISIN number LU0383812293; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Data protection matters The Company has updated the Data Protection Information Notice available on the Company’s website (www.reinet.com/investor-relations/data-protection.html)  which is intended to provide investors with detailed information regarding the processing of their personal data  as well as the Privacy Policy available on its website (www.reinet.com/privacy-policy.html)  which is intended to provide users of the Company’s website with information regarding the processing of their personal data resulting from the use of the Company’s website and/or from requests made via the Company’s website. Reinet Investments Manager S.A. General Partner For and on behalf of Reinet Investments S.C.A. Website: www.reinet.com Reinet Investments S.C.A. (the ‘Company’) is a partnership limited by shares incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and having its registered office at 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg. It is governed by the Luxembourg law on securitisation and in this capacity allows its shareholders to participate indirectly in the portfolio of assets held by its wholly-owned subsidiary Reinet Fund S.C.A.  F.I.S. (‘Reinet Fund’)  a specialised investment fund also incorporated in Luxembourg. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Company and Reinet Fund together with Reinet Fund’s subsidiaries are referred to as ‘Reinet’. Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statementsThis document contains forward-looking statements which reflect the current views and beliefs of the Company  as well as assumptions made by the Company and information currently available. Words such as ‘may’  ‘should’  ‘estimate’  ‘project’  ‘plan’  ‘believe’  ‘expect’  ‘anticipate’  ‘intend’  ‘potential’  ‘goal’  ‘strategy’  ‘target’  ‘will’  ‘seek’ and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are outside Reinet’s control. The Company does not undertake to update  nor does it have any obligation to provide updates or to revise  any forward-looking statements. Certain information included in the Management Report is text attributed to the management of investee entities. While no facts have come to our attention that lead us to conclude that any such information is inaccurate  we have not independently verified such information and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information. Reinet Investments S.C.A.R.C.S. Luxembourg B 16 576Legal Entity Identifier : 222100830RQTFVV22S80Registered office: 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  Tel. (+352) 22 42 10  Fax (+352) 22 72 53Email: info@reinet.com  website: www.reinet.comEnd of Inside Information,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.29,0.03,True,English,"['CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'YEAR', 'MARCH', 'DIVIDEND', 'British American Tobacco annual general meeting', 'Reinet Investments Manager S.A.', 'Reinet Investments S.C.A.', 'Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation', 'Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited', 'UK bulk annuity transaction', 'long-term, sustainable value creation', 'underlying net asset value', '2024 annual general meeting', 'TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund', '8.8 per cent compounded increase', 'Business Services sectors', 'Key financial data', 'compound growth rate', 'middle market entities', 'new business premiums', 'sufficient liquid resources', 'additional borrowing facilities', 'Reinet Investments SCA', 'ad hoc announcement', 'AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'Trilantic Capital Partners', 'Reinet share price', 'annual return', 'RSA Group', 'existing investments', 'capital investments', 'structured debt', 'TruArc Partners', 'other opportunities', 'new opportunities', '8.3 per cent', '2 per cent', '50 per cent', 'banking sectors', 'cash resources', 'Art. 53 LR', 'treasury shares', 'Dear Shareholder', 'interest rates', 'major economies', 'available liquidity', 'two schemes', 'strategic path', 'Better Tomorrow', 'smokeless world', 'cigarette consumers', 'smokeless alternatives', 'leadership team', 'flexible capital', 'North America', 'Speciality Manufacturing', 'non-control equity', 'first close', 'subsequent closings', 'additional funds', 'Quarter Results', 'positive results', 'Inaugural dividend', 'second dividend', 'Reinet dividend', 'euro terms', 'early signs', 'investment obligations', 'ordinary share', 'dividend increase', 'significant dividends', 'prior year', 'past year', 'last year', '16.67 per', 'MARCH', 'CEST', 'Release', 'issuer', 'content', 'Board', 'annum', 'Commitments', 'respect', 'total', 'September', 'CHAIRMAN', 'COMMENTARY', 'Overview', 'inflation', 'private', 'improvement', 'costs', 'portfolio', 'challenges', 'hand', 'Coatue', 'access', 'way', 'inception', 'investors', 'receipt', 'decrease', 'strengthening', 'sterling', 'conclusion', 'largest', 'Trustees', '7.5 pence', 'shareholders', 'May', 'April', '11 pence', 'target', 'revenue', 'combustibles', 'capitalisation', 'amounts', '07', '8.1']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41718,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/100969/dtcc-clearstream-and-euroclear-offer-digital-asset-blueprint,DTCC  Clearstream and Euroclear offer digital asset blueprint,Today  three of the world’s largest financial market infrastructures (FMIs) – DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear – in collaboration with Boston Consulting Group (BCG)  unveiled a blueprint for establishing an industry-wide digital asset ecosystem to drive acceptance of tokenized assets.,Source: DTCCToday  three of the world’s largest financial market infrastructures (FMIs) – DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear – in collaboration with Boston Consulting Group (BCG)  unveiled a blueprint for establishing an industry-wide digital asset ecosystem to drive acceptance of tokenized assets.By 2030  the tokenization of global illiquid assets is projected to be a $16 trillion business opportunity. However  progress on institutional adoption has reached an inflection point as firms continue innovating in silos  with small-scale initiatives that fail to progress or prioritize broad ecosystem development. The paper  “Building the Digital Asset Ecosystem ” looks to shift the industry’s focus by defining six principles to promote the successful adoption of tokenization and digital asset securities (excluding cryptocurrencies). It also details a comprehensive set of risk management controls to underpin the future of digital markets.The six principles are intended to serve as a roadmap for the industry to come together and develop comprehensive standards for the digital asset marketplace. They include:Legal Certainty – ensuring operations comply with law Regulatory Compliance – encouraging alignment with regulatory frameworks Resilience and Security – developing robust infrastructure capable of resisting disruptions while protecting sensitive data Safeguarding Customer Assets – implementing governance via smart contracts to manage assets securely Connectivity and Interoperability – facilitating transactions and flexible settlements across diverse networks Operational Scalability – striving for efficiency and cost-effectiveness through standardization.“While many firms recognize that blockchain holds enormous promise to deliver cost savings  capital efficiencies and reduced risk  the industry needs to pivot and demonstrate tangible results and value generation ” said Nadine Chakar  Managing Director  Global Head of DTCC Digital Assets. “We have a unique opportunity to transform the financial system  but it will require collaboration across a wide cross section of firms to build the infrastructure  standards  controls and governance to underpin digital markets. We are proud to lead this conversation and will use this paper as a springboard to build consensus and drive efforts forward.”“New technologies bear immense potential to bring financial markets to the next level of efficiency  speed and safety ” said Jens Hachmeister  Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets at Clearstream. “To make this evolution a sustainable one  we need industry-wide collaboration and unified standards to overcome current challenges and drive the seamless integration of digital assets in the global financial ecosystem. As financial market infrastructures  we are developing the foundation for future digital markets for the benefit of our clients and all market participants.”“Through a true collaborative effort  we have developed a plan to demonstrate the potential of digital assets ” said Philippe Laurensy  Managing Director and Head of Product  Strategy & Innovation  Euroclear. “Our objective is to create innovative solutions that will address the evolving needs of our customers and drive industry advancements which includes clients having the flexibility to create space on their balance sheets through tokenisation  therefore leading to new business opportunities. This collaboration is a testament to our commitment to innovation  and we look forward to the exciting opportunities that lie ahead and the positive impacts to be made for our clients and the global market.”The partnership between DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear draws on decades of shared experience providing infrastructure for global capital markets  as well as a vast network of client relationships  and a strong track record of supporting market evolution. The latest paper builds upon efforts by the FMIs last year to galvanize market participants globally on establishing a digital asset ecosystem  with the issuance of a whitepaper titled “Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together.”In addition to the six core principles  the latest paper also presents a list of controls to help firms mitigate risks such as asset mismanagement or insufficient controls to govern smart contracts. Recommended controls include defining who can access smart contracts  and maintaining a comprehensive record of digital asset events/transactions.The FMIs collaborated with BCG  which conducted an analysis including reviews of approximately 100 regulations and whitepapers across multiple jurisdictions  and over 20 interviews with key market participants and technology vendors.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.18,0.24,True,English,"['digital asset blueprint', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'largest financial market infrastructures', 'wide digital asset ecosystem', 'wide cross section', 'broad ecosystem development', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'true collaborative effort', 'digital asset securities', 'digital asset marketplace', 'Digital Asset Era', 'global financial ecosystem', '$16 trillion business opportunity', 'strong track record', 'new business opportunities', 'New Digital Markets', 'key market participants', 'global illiquid assets', 'six core principles', 'global capital markets', 'risk management controls', 'future digital markets', 'DTCC Digital Assets', 'financial markets', 'global market', 'asset mismanagement', 'financial system', 'six principles', 'New technologies', 'capital efficiencies', 'reduced risk', 'unique opportunity', 'exciting opportunities', 'comprehensive record', 'tokenized assets', 'Customer Assets', 'market evolution', 'institutional adoption', 'inflection point', 'small-scale initiatives', 'successful adoption', 'comprehensive set', 'Legal Certainty', 'Regulatory Compliance', 'regulatory frameworks', 'sensitive data', 'smart contracts', 'flexible settlements', 'diverse networks', 'Operational Scalability', 'enormous promise', 'cost savings', 'tangible results', 'value generation', 'Nadine Chakar', 'Managing Director', 'next level', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'Issuer Services', 'current challenges', 'seamless integration', 'Philippe Laurensy', 'innovative solutions', 'evolving needs', 'balance sheets', 'positive impacts', 'vast network', 'client relationships', 'multiple jurisdictions', 'technology vendors', 'Global Head', 'insufficient controls', 'Recommended controls', 'comprehensive standards', 'unified standards', 'immense potential', 'latest paper', 'robust infrastructure', 'The FMIs', 'many firms', 'industry-wide collaboration', 'industry advancements', 'Source', 'world', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'BCG', 'blueprint', 'acceptance', 'tokenization', 'progress', 'silos', 'focus', 'cryptocurrencies', 'roadmap', 'operations', 'law', 'alignment', 'Resilience', 'Security', 'disruptions', 'Safeguarding', 'governance', 'Connectivity', 'Interoperability', 'transactions', 'efficiency', 'cost-effectiveness', 'standardization', 'blockchain', 'conversation', 'springboard', 'consensus', 'efforts', 'speed', 'safety', 'foundation', 'benefit', 'clients', 'plan', 'Product', 'Strategy', 'Innovation', 'objective', 'customers', 'flexibility', 'space', 'tokenisation', 'testament', 'commitment', 'partnership', 'decades', 'experience', 'issuance', 'whitepaper', 'addition', 'list', 'risks', 'analysis', 'reviews', '100 regulations', '20 interviews']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,finextra.com
41719,Clearstream,Bing API,https://coingape.com/dtcc-and-fmi-partners-to-review-piles-of-regulations-with-16-trillion-digital-asset-vision-plan/,DTCC  FMI Partners To Review Regulations With $16 Trillion Digital Asset Vision Plan,DTCC  Clearstream  Euroclear will partner with the Boston Consulting Group for a $16 trillion vision plan toward better digital asset future.,DTCC and Financial Market Infrastructure (FMI) partners have come together to design a “blueprint” for the global digital asset ecosystem. Pushing for transition to the desired future  the partners cite a $16 trillion opportunity contingent on detractors being removed.DTCC and partners envision a $16 trillion opportunity within global digital asset ecosystemDTCC  Euroclear  and Clearstream have joined hands with the Boston Consulting Group towards a contemporary digital asset ecosystem. The firms envision a $16 trillion opportunity within the global digital asset space.advertisementIn a work plan  titled Advancing the Digital Asset Era  Together  the firms introduce a blueprint to remove obstacles. Among the cited detractors in the path to industry growth  include “years of smaller-scale deployments ” according to the report  which cited “sub-scale  isolated pools of instrument liquidity on propriety DLTs [Distributed Ledger Technologies].”To this end  DTCC and the team will review almost 100 regulations and whitepapers from diverse ecosystems within the industry. They also plan to conduct more than 20 interviews with different market participants and technology vendors.Innovation And Adoption Remains Fragmented Despite Clear Opportunity  DTCCThere is only a handful of DLT protocols recording significant consolidated trading volumes. This  according to the report  is an obstacle to digital assets’ future because of a fragmented liquidity system and stagnating tokenization.The aftermath is costly maintenance of digital assets relative to their traditional alternatives in the short term. The blueprint therefore highlights medium and long-term opportunities that are already in place. These are legal clarity  regulatory compliance  resilience and security  customer asset protection  connectivity and interoperability  and operational scalability.Citing Managing Director and Global Head of DTCC Digital Assets  Nadine Chakar  “While many firms see potential in blockchain technology  including less risk and lower costs  the financial services industry still needs to pivot to distributed ledger technology.”Chakar therefore calls for “Collaboration across a wide cross-section of firms to build the infrastructure  standards  controls  and governance to underpin digital markets.” Clearstream Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services and New Digital Markets  Jens Hachmeister  supported the call.DTCC Digital Assets mobilizes the power of blockchain technology to build a global  liquid  and interconnected ecosystem for digital assets. Its key capabilities leverage blockchain to tokenize any asset  automate compliance  support market requirements  and launch digital assets marketplaces.Also Read: LINK Price Surges 7% As DTCC And Chainlink Wrap Up Pilot Program,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['$16 Trillion Digital Asset Vision Plan', 'FMI Partners', 'DTCC', 'Regulations', 'significant consolidated trading volumes', 'contemporary digital asset ecosystem', 'global digital asset space', 'global digital asset ecosystem', 'Digital Asset Era', 'customer asset protection', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'sub-scale, isolated pools', 'digital assets marketplaces', 'different market participants', 'New Digital Markets', 'Distributed Ledger Technologies', 'fragmented liquidity system', 'digital assets’ future', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'financial services industry', 'DTCC Digital Assets', 'Clearstream Managing Director', 'interconnected ecosystem', 'Global Head', 'market requirements', 'ledger technology', 'Issuer Services', '$16 trillion opportunity', 'work plan', 'industry growth', 'smaller-scale deployments', 'propriety DLTs', 'diverse ecosystems', 'technology vendors', 'Clear Opportunity', 'DLT protocols', 'stagnating tokenization', 'costly maintenance', 'traditional alternatives', 'short term', 'long-term opportunities', 'legal clarity', 'operational scalability', 'less risk', 'lower costs', 'wide cross-section', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'key capabilities', 'LINK Price', 'Chainlink Wrap', 'Pilot Program', 'blockchain technology', 'regulatory compliance', 'Nadine Chakar', 'many firms', 'FMI', 'partners', 'blueprint', 'transition', 'detractors', 'Euroclear', 'hands', 'advertisement', 'obstacles', 'path', 'years', 'report', 'instrument', 'team', '100 regulations', 'whitepapers', '20 interviews', 'Innovation', 'Adoption', 'handful', 'aftermath', 'medium', 'resilience', 'security', 'connectivity', 'interoperability', 'potential', 'Collaboration', 'standards', 'controls', 'governance', 'call', 'power']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,coingape.com
41720,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/dtcc-clearstream-and-euroclear-expand-digital-asset-partnership-with-establishment-of-control-principles/,DTCC  Clearstream and Euroclear expand digital asset partnership with establishment of control principles,The market infrastructure triumvirate calls for market-wide mobilisation of support for digital asset standards.,Building on the partnership formed last year to tackle the future of digital assets together  the Depositary Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  Clearstream and Euroclear have published a whitepaper to establish a set of risk management controls and guidelines for the future development of the technology.The principles  named the Digital Asset Securities Control Principles (DASCP)  are intended to serve as a guide for firms navigating the challenges posed by distributed ledger technology (DLT).The DASCP framework covers various value chain activities  including issuance  clearing  settlement  custody  and asset servicing. The guidelines currently exclude secondary trading activities.Designed to be asset class and technology-neutral  the DASCP does not advocate for any particular DLT architecture – be it public  private  permissioned  or public permissioned. The report stated that this ensures its applicability across various DLT platforms without endorsing specific third-party solutions.In a joint letter  the CEOs of the three organisations said: “Ultimately  we believe that industry collaboration is not only the most expedient way but also the most effective way to build a robust global digital assets ecosystem. We invite you to join us in this exciting journey that has the potential to redefine global finance  ensuring that this digital transformation benefits the ecosystem and contributes to sustainable economic growth.”The trio said this whitepaper marks the beginning of a more expansive programme  with the DASCP serving as a baseline for propelling the industry towards digital asset standards. Over 20 market participants participated in testing the DASCP  while all industry stakeholders have been invited to engage with and help evolve the framework moving forward.The letter continued: “The DASCP marks the starting point of further industrywide engagement to enable standardisation  drive adoption and unlock value. To achieve these goals  we intend to put these principles into action. By leveraging them in our digital asset activities  we will effectively demonstrate to clients  regulators  and the broader industry that digital asset securities can be just as safe and secure as traditional assets.”The whitepaper outlined three strategic priorities for establishing industry standards: forging a common language  enabling regulatory clarity  and providing a blueprint from industry-wide alignment.A series of in-depth discussions involving market participants will now follow the whitepaper  with a view to fostering open dialogue and collective intelligence – addressing the concerns and challenges faced by the industry in implementing the control principles.“Integrating these principles into future standards will be vital for enhancing security  efficiency  and promoting broad-based innovation within the industry ” the report said. “We are committed to not just working together but to moving forward with a purpose. This is a call for industry-wide mobilisation to support a vision. Let us unite in this endeavour to build a robust  integrated financial future. Together  we can advance the era of digital asset securities.”The whitepaper comes as the development of digital asset and tokenised solutions is really beginning to pick up pace in the industry. While widespread adoption may still be a long way off  participants from across the market are establishing dedicated units and testing potential use cases for the technology.The concern  however  is that innovation is taking place in silos  therefore the industry is looking to initiatives and market infrastructure providers – orutilities – to solve for this issue through standards and interoperability endeavours.For the market infrastructures themselves  questions have arisen around their role in a digital future – whereby new technologies have the potential to cut out parts of their role – and they are therefore looking to evolve and establish their place in the securities industry of the years to come.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.35,0.31,True,English,"['digital asset partnership', 'control principles', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'establishment', 'robust global digital assets ecosystem', 'robust, integrated financial future', 'Digital Asset Securities Control Principles', 'various value chain activities', 'secondary trading activities', 'digital asset activities', 'risk management controls', 'sustainable economic growth', 'various DLT platforms', 'specific third-party solutions', 'three strategic priorities', 'particular DLT architecture', 'digital asset standards', 'distributed ledger technology', 'potential use cases', 'The DASCP framework', 'global finance', 'digital future', 'digital transformation', 'traditional assets', 'asset servicing', 'asset class', 'securities industry', 'three organisations', 'tokenised solutions', 'future standards', 'Depositary Trust', 'expedient way', 'effective way', 'exciting journey', 'expansive programme', 'starting point', 'industrywide engagement', 'common language', 'regulatory clarity', 'industry-wide alignment', 'depth discussions', 'open dialogue', 'collective intelligence', 'industry-wide mobilisation', 'dedicated units', 'infrastructure providers', 'interoperability endeavours', 'new technologies', 'future development', 'market infrastructures', 'Clearing Corporation', 'joint letter', 'industry collaboration', 'industry stakeholders', 'broader industry', 'industry standards', 'broad-based innovation', 'widespread adoption', '20 market participants', 'partnership', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'whitepaper', 'guidelines', 'firms', 'challenges', 'issuance', 'settlement', 'custody', 'report', 'applicability', 'CEOs', 'trio', 'beginning', 'baseline', 'Over', 'standardisation', 'goals', 'action', 'clients', 'regulators', 'blueprint', 'series', 'view', 'concerns', 'security', 'efficiency', 'purpose', 'call', 'vision', 'pace', 'long', 'place', 'silos', 'initiatives', 'orutilities', 'issue', 'questions', 'role', 'parts', 'years']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,thetradenews.com
41721,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2024/05/225703-dtcc-clearstream-euroclear-work-with-boston-consulting-group-to-create-digital-asset-framework/,DTCC  Clearstream  Euroclear Work with Boston Consulting Group to Create Digital Asset Framework,While the opportunity is there  innovation and adoption remains fragmented. Clearstream Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets Jens Hachmeister says industry wide collaboration is needed to advance an shared ecosystem.,While the opportunity is there  innovation and adoption remains fragmented. Clearstream Managing Director  Head of Issuer Services & New Digital Markets Jens Hachmeister says industry wide collaboration is needed to advance an shared ecosystem.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,True,English,"['Boston Consulting Group', 'Digital Asset Framework', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream Managing Director', 'New Digital Markets', 'industry wide collaboration', 'Issuer Services', 'Jens Hachmeister', 'shared ecosystem', 'opportunity', 'innovation', 'adoption', 'Head']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,crowdfundinsider.com
41722,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EEX-offers-remedies-to-address-EU-concerns-on-Nasdaq-deal-46844118/,EEX offers remedies to address EU concerns on Nasdaq deal,(marketscreener.com) The European Energy Exchange has offered remedies in a bid to address EU antitrust concerns about its bid for Nasdaq's European power trading and clearing business  according to an update on the European Commission website on Tuesday. EE…,BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Energy Exchange (EEX) has offered remedies in a bid to address EU antitrust concerns about its bid for Nasdaq's European power trading and clearing business  according to an update on the European Commission website on Tuesday.EEX  which is part of Deutsche Boerse  submitted its proposal on Monday  the site showed  without providing details in line with the Commission's policy.The Commission  which acts as the EU competition enforcer  extended its deadline for a decision on the deal by two weeks to June 26.The EU watchdog in a questionnaire sent to rivals and customers earlier this month seeking feedback on the deal asked whether the deal may allow EEX to expand its market power by bundling products and if it could impact prices.Some customers are also worried that the deal may see EEX reinforce Germany as a proxy hub with spread contracts  with less interest in developing Nordic markets with its system price and different contracts.EEX and Nasdaq have said the deal posed no significant threat to competition in Denmark  Finland  Sweden  Norway or any other EU country  that it would not eliminate competition between the two companies  and that they have seen positive market reaction.(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by David Holmes)By Foo Yun Chee,neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,negative,0.06,0.3,0.64,True,English,"['EU concerns', 'Nasdaq deal', 'EEX', 'remedies', 'The European Energy Exchange', 'Foo Yun Chee', 'European power trading', 'EU antitrust concerns', 'other EU country', 'positive market reaction', 'European Commission website', 'EU competition enforcer', 'The Commission', 'market power', 'EU watchdog', 'clearing business', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'two weeks', 'proxy hub', 'spread contracts', 'less interest', 'Nordic markets', 'system price', 'different contracts', 'significant threat', 'two companies', 'David Holmes', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'EEX', 'remedies', 'bid', 'Nasdaq', 'update', 'Tuesday', 'part', 'proposal', 'Monday', 'details', 'line', 'policy', 'decision', 'deal', 'June', 'questionnaire', 'rivals', 'customers', 'feedback', 'products', 'prices', 'Germany', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Editing']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41723,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-Upheaval-at-Deutsche-Lichtmiete-The-controversial-successor-company-Novalumen-GmbH-is-being-liquidated-Investor-representatives-welcome-the-end-of-a-self-enrichment-scheme-n16965232.html,EQS-News: Upheaval at Deutsche Lichtmiete: The controversial successor company Novalumen GmbH is being liquidated. Investor representatives welcome the end of a 'self-enrichment scheme',One of the most controversial insolvency aberrations in Germany has finally come to an end: Novalumen GmbH  the successor company of the Deutsche Lichtmiete Group that was - allegedly - set up in the interests of creditors ,Issuer: SCHIRP & PARTNER Rechtsanwälte mbB / Key word(s): Insolvency/Legal MatterUpheaval at Deutsche Lichtmiete: The controversial successor company Novalumen GmbH is being liquidated. Investor representatives welcome the end of a 'self-enrichment scheme'29.05.2024 / 12:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Upheaval at Deutsche Lichtmiete:The controversial successor company Novalumen GmbH is being liquidated;Investor representatives welcome the end of a ‘self-enrichment scheme’One of the most controversial insolvency aberrations in Germany has finally come to an end: Novalumen GmbH  the successor company of the Deutsche Lichtmiete Group that was - allegedly - set up in the interests of creditors  is being liquidated. This means that investors finally have a chance to profit from the considerable assets still contained in the insolvency estate. For insolvency administrator Rüdiger Weiß  this is an opportunity to act in the interests of the creditors and fulfil his statutory duties.What exactly happened and what investor representatives are complaining about:The Munich-based restructuring consultancy One Square Advisors was and is the joint representative of the Lichtmiete bondholders and was therefore required by law to protect their interests exclusively. But no: In this function as joint representative  One Square Advisors brought about a resolution by which all the assets of the Deutsche Lichtmiete Group were transferred to a sister company with an identical group of shareholders (50% Frank Günther  50% Wolf Waschkuhn  partly via intermediate companies)  namely Novalumen GmbH. The joint representative of the bondholders has therefore ultimately procured millions in assets from the insolvency estate for his own good.A cash purchase price has not been paid. The insolvency estate and the creditors have not received a single cent to date. It could have stayed that way forever  because: Novalumen only issued a bond as the ‘purchase price’. Payments were only to be made on this bond if Novalumen had generated surplus liquidity of at least EUR 3 million per year. However  this never materialised. This is because the free liquidity was always immediately siphoned off again by invoicing from the sister company One Square Advisors. One Square Advisors issued invoices of up to EUR 180 000 per month to its sister company Novalumen. The services of ordinary employees were invoiced at EUR 350 per hour net. In total  over EUR 1 million was paid from Novalumen in a 6-month period alone. As a result  the insolvency estate has not received a single cent to date.Dr Wolfgang Schirp from the law firm Schirp Schmidt-Morsbach in Berlin  which represents numerous investors in the Lichtmiete Group  as well as Light Now AG  behind which more than 85% of Lichtmiete's direct investors have now gathered:‘In my view  the gratuitous transfer of the Lichtmiete assets to Novalumen is one of the most blatant self-enrichment schemes in German insolvency history. The Lichtmiete insolvency estate could never have received a single cent from Novalumen  given the way the contractual relationship was structured. In our view  insolvency administrator Rüdiger Weiß has trampled on the interests of the creditors. ‘Back in 2023  the law firm Schirp Schmidt-Morsbach obtained a judgement from the Oldenburg Higher Regional Court prohibiting Novalumen (judgement of 7 February 2023 - 2 U 8/23) from selling the luminaires of direct investors to third parties without their consent. This prevented unauthorised disposal of the direct investors' property. This was an important first step  as Novalumen had repeatedly attempted to sell the property of direct investors to rental customers without their consent or knowledge. Some of these cases only became known after the sale had taken place  meaning that they could no longer be prevented  such as the ‘Michelin tyre factories’ case  in which Novalumen sold lights from direct investors to Michelin without the owners' consent. Naturally  the owners did not receive any compensation afterwards. Various criminal charges have already been brought against those responsible at Novalumen GmbH.The second step was to secure the rents or utilisation fees for the leased luminaires owned by direct investors. This is because the lion's share of these rents is also due to the direct investors who own the luminaires. Not even insolvency administrator Weiß disputes this; his own experts have confirmed this result. Nevertheless  he passed on 90% of the rents and compensation for use to Novalumen on an ongoing basis  from where the money was then channelled to One Square Advisors  among others.In order to stop this unauthorised disposal of the usage fees  Schirp Schmidt-Morsbach Rechtsanwälte initiated preliminary injunction proceedings before the Hamburg Regional Court (case no. 332 O 82/24) and also pursued this in the appeal instance before the Hamburg Higher Regional Court (case no. 11 W 28/24). Under the pressure of these proceedings  the insolvency administrator Weiß was forced to make significant concessions that put an end to the unauthorised outflow of usage fees:- In particular  insolvency administrator Weiß submitted an affidavit stating that he had completely stopped forwarding rents/usage fees to Novalumen GmbH as of 28 February 2024.- He has also affirmed in lieu of oath that he does not intend to resume payments to Novalumen GmbH until further notice. This has put a stop to the ‘bottomless pit’ problem for the time being.Novalumen GmbH is now being liquidated  as announced by insolvency administrator Weiß and Novalumen itself on the evening of 28 May. Dr Wolfgang Schirp once again: ‘We welcome the fact that the outflow of money has finally come to an end. Great damage has been done to the detriment of the investors. If insolvency administrator Weiß is now prepared for the first time to support serious solutions in the interests of the creditors  we are ready to talk. Even now  there are still assets that urgently need to be secured for the creditors.’For further information  please contact Dr Wolfgang Schirp  Schirp Schmidt-Morsbach Rechtsanwälte PartG mbB  Leipziger Platz 9  D - 10117 Berlin  tel. 030-3276170 or 0179-5320213  mail: schirp@schirp.com  URL: www.schirp com,mixed,0.34,0.34,0.32,mixed,0.04,0.32,0.63,True,English,"['controversial successor company', 'Deutsche Lichtmiete', 'Novalumen GmbH', 'Investor representatives', 'self-enrichment scheme', 'EQS-News', 'Upheaval', 'end', 'insolvency administrator Rüdiger Weiß', 'The Munich-based restructuring consultancy', 'Oldenburg Higher Regional Court', 'Hamburg Higher Regional Court', 'Michelin tyre factories’ case', 'Schirp Schmidt-Morsbach Rechtsanwälte', 'The Lichtmiete insolvency estate', 'Hamburg Regional Court', 'PARTNER Rechtsanwälte', 'insolvency administrator Weiß', 'Key word(s', 'One Square Advisors', 'Light Now AG', 'Various criminal charges', 'controversial insolvency aberrations', 'German insolvency history', 'important first step', 'Dr Wolfgang Schirp', 'blatant self-enrichment schemes', 'controversial successor company', 'cash purchase price', 'preliminary injunction proceedings', 'Deutsche Lichtmiete Group', ""direct investors' property"", 'identical group', 'second step', 'sister company', 'Insolvency/Legal Matter', 'Investor representatives', 'statutory duties', 'joint representative', '50% Wolf Waschkuhn', 'intermediate companies', 'single cent', 'surplus liquidity', 'free liquidity', 'ordinary employees', '6-month period', 'numerous investors', 'gratuitous transfer', 'contractual relationship', 'third parties', 'unauthorised disposal', 'rental customers', 'utilisation fees', 'ongoing basis', 'usage fees', 'appeal instance', 'Lichtmiete bondholders', 'Lichtmiete assets', 'law firm', 'considerable assets', 'Novalumen GmbH', ""owners' consent"", 'Issuer', 'Upheaval', 'end', 'CET', 'CEST', 'content', 'announcement', 'Germany', 'interests', 'creditors', 'chance', 'opportunity', 'function', 'resolution', 'shareholders', 'millions', 'good', 'date', 'Payments', 'year', 'invoices', 'services', 'EUR', 'hour', 'total', 'result', 'Berlin', 'view', 'way', 'judgement', '7 February', 'luminaires', 'knowledge', 'cases', 'sale', 'place', 'lights', 'compensation', 'rents', 'experts', 'use', 'money', 'others', 'order', 'pressure', '12']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,stock-world.de
41724,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-amsterdam-growth-leaders-high-050355332.html,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders With High Insider Ownership May 2024,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with varying performances across major indices  the Netherlands market remains a focal point for investors looking...,As global markets exhibit mixed signals with varying performances across major indices  the Netherlands market remains a focal point for investors looking for stability and growth potential. In this context  growth companies with high insider ownership in the Euronext Amsterdam present an attractive profile  potentially offering resilience and alignment of interests between shareholders and management amidst broader economic uncertainties.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V. operates a chain of fitness clubs across Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.48 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily from its fitness clubs in Benelux and France  Spain & Germany  totaling €479.04 million and €568.21 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 12%Revenue Growth Forecast: 14.9% p.a.Basic-Fit  a growth-oriented company in the Netherlands  demonstrates promising financial trends with expectations of profitability within three years. Recent earnings show an increase in revenue to €1.05 billion from €794.57 million year-over-year  alongside a reduced net loss. Insider activities reflect confidence with more buying than selling over the past three months  although not in large volumes. Analysts predict a significant stock price increase of 49.6%  underscoring potential undervaluation and growth prospects above the market average.ENXTAM:BFIT Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers  primarily operating in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market capitalization of approximately €369.22 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue by designing  developing  manufacturing  and distributing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers across the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 15.1%Revenue Growth Forecast: 33.4% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V. exhibits robust growth potential  with earnings forecasted to increase by 67.79% annually  significantly outpacing the Dutch market's expected 16.4%. Revenue growth also impresses at a rate of 33.4% per year  dwarfing the broader market's 9.3%. Recently turning profitable with a substantial jump in annual sales from €56.37 million to €87.58 million and transitioning from a net loss to a net income of €1.42 million  Envipco underscores its recovery and growth trajectory despite experiencing share price volatility and shareholder dilution over the past year.ENXTAM:ENVI Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a software-as-a-service provider tailored for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €273.07 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from its software and programming segment  amounting to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%Revenue Growth Forecast: 24% p.a.MotorK  despite recent executive changes and a slight revenue dip in Q1 2024 to €11.25 million from €11.43 million the previous year  is poised for significant growth with expected annual revenue increases of 24%. The company anticipates becoming profitable within three years  aligning with its forecasted earnings growth of 105.85% per annum. However  shareholder dilution has occurred over the past year  and no insider trading activity was reported in the last three months.ENXTAM:MTRK Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Key TakeawaysClick here to access our complete index of 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Streamline your investment strategy with Simply Wall St's app for free and benefit from extensive research on stocks across all corners of the world.Ready To Venture Into Other Investment Styles?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:ENVI and ENXTAM:MTRK.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'significant stock price increase', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'share price volatility', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'reverse vending machines', 'automotive retail industry', 'insider trading activity', 'broader economic uncertainties', 'recent executive changes', 'last three months', 'Other Investment Styles', 'promising financial trends', 'robust growth potential', 'slight revenue dip', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'past three months', 'annual revenue increases', 'significant growth', 'Ebusco Holding', 'Insider activities', 'growth prospects', 'growth trajectory', 'Recent earnings', 'three years', 'broader market', 'annual sales', 'investment strategy', 'potential undervaluation', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'past year', 'global markets', 'mixed signals', 'varying performances', 'major indices', 'focal point', 'attractive profile', 'full list', 'fitness clubs', 'market capitalization', 'net loss', 'large volumes', 'market average', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'Dutch market', 'substantial jump', 'net income', 'shareholder dilution', 'service provider', 'programming segment', 'Key Takeaways', 'complete index', 'personalized updates', 'extensive research', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'BFIT Earnings', 'ENVI Earnings', 'MTRK Earnings', 'previous year', 'Benelux Union', 'Netherlands market', 'The Netherlands', 'preferred stocks', 'MotorK plc', 'growth-oriented company', '5 stocks', 'investors', 'stability', 'context', 'resilience', 'alignment', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'management', 'ENXTAM', 'PostNL', 'PNL', 'subset', 'Overview', 'chain', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'expectations', 'profitability', 'confidence', 'buying', 'Analysts', 'May', 'recycling', 'Story', 'recovery', 'software', 'Italy', 'Q1', 'annum', 'shares', 'firms', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'app', 'corners', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '105.']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,finance.yahoo.com
41725,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-leaders-high-060518796.html,Euronext Paris Growth Leaders With High Insider Stakes May 2024,As of May 2024  the French market  like many global counterparts  has shown mixed performance with the CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline amidst...,As of May 2024  the French market  like many global counterparts  has shown mixed performance with the CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline amidst broader European economic uncertainties and fluctuating interest rate expectations. In such a landscape  growth companies with high insider ownership in France may offer unique investment appeal due to aligned interests between company executives and shareholders  potentially fostering resilience and long-term value creation in turbulent times.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8% S.M.A.I.O (ENXTPA:ALSMA) 17.2% 65%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's review some notable picks from our screened stocks.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. is a company that offers digital music services to independent labels and local artists across various regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  Oceania  and the Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.47 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through two segments: Premium Solutions  which brought in €825.12 million  and Automated Solutions  contributing €55.19 million.Insider Ownership: 10.9%Revenue Growth Forecast: 14.0% p.a.Believe S.A. is navigating a pivotal phase with significant insider interest and acquisition bids  reflecting its potential despite current financial challenges. Recently rejecting Warner Music's €1.79 billion bid  Believe shows a preference for strategic alignment over pure financial gain  aligning with insider-led offers around €1.52 billion. Financially  Believe is on a recovery path with reduced losses and promising revenue growth forecasts of 14% annually  outpacing the French market's 5.7%. However  its forecasted return on equity remains modest at 10.7%.ENXTPA:BLV Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions for the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries with a market capitalization of approximately €1.24 billion.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Revenue Growth Forecast: 11.3% p.a.Lectra SA  a French growth company with high insider ownership  is poised for robust expansion with earnings expected to increase by 28.6% annually  outpacing the French market's 10.9%. Despite a slight dip in net income and EPS as reported in Q1 2024  revenue growth remains strong at 11.3% yearly. However  its projected return on equity of 13.3% suggests moderate future profitability. The stock is currently valued at 20.3% below its estimated fair value  indicating potential undervaluation.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €442.22 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Revenue Growth Forecast: 40.1% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech firm  demonstrates potential in growth with high insider ownership but faces challenges. Recent trials for F14 (mdc-CWM) showed mixed results  failing its primary endpoint but revealing improvements in secondary measures such as knee range of motion and swelling reduction. Collaborations with Teva and AbbVie highlight its innovative BEPO® technology's application across various therapies. Despite recent successes like UZEDY's market launch  MedinCell's stock remains volatile and currently trades below its estimated fair value.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Make It HappenReveal the 21 hidden gems among our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener with a single click here.Shareholder in one or more of these companies? Ensure you're never caught off-guard by adding your portfolio in Simply Wall St for timely alerts on significant stock developments.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Contemplating Other Strategies?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLV ENXTPA:MEDCL andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Stakes', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'S.M.A.I.O', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Simply Wall St app', 'broader European economic uncertainties', 'La Française de', 'fluctuating interest rate expectations', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'BLV Ownership Breakdown', 'significant insider interest', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'many global counterparts', 'unique investment appeal', 'Believe S.A.', 'pure financial gain', 'moderate future profitability', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'innovative BEPO® technology', 'digital music services', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French biotech firm', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'long-term value creation', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'essential market intelligence', 'current financial challenges', 'significant stock developments', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'LSS Earnings', 'French market', 'Warner Music', 'analyst forecasts', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'fair value', 'market capitalization', 'market launch', 'mixed performance', 'CAC 40 Index', 'modest decline', 'turbulent times', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'notable picks', 'independent labels', 'local artists', 'various regions', 'two segments', 'pivotal phase', 'acquisition bids', '€1.79 billion bid', 'strategic alignment', 'insider-led offers', 'recovery path', 'reduced losses', 'Lectra SA', 'furniture industries', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'robust expansion', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'Recent trials', 'mixed results', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary measures', 'knee range', 'swelling reduction', 'various therapies', 'recent successes', '21 hidden gems', 'single click', 'timely alerts', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'Other Strategies', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'company executives', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'potential undervaluation', 'May', 'landscape', 'France', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'resilience', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', 'ALSMA', '21 stocks', 'Overview', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Oceania', 'Operations', 'preference', 'return', 'equity', 'automotive', 'Story', 'EPS', 'Q1 2024', 'F14', 'mdc-CWM', 'improvements', 'motion', 'Collaborations', 'Teva', 'AbbVie', 'application', 'UZEDY', 'guard', 'portfolio', 'continent', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', '14.0', '5.', '19.']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,finance.yahoo.com
41726,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_6dcee480-b26f-4477-bf07-6f8135f464f6,Exploring Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam In May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,consent.yahoo.com
41727,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_cba9e183-0879-4563-8681-3cae150f5c48,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders With High Insider Ownership May 2024,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 237 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Ownership', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,consent.yahoo.com
41728,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-top-euronext-paris-dividend-060519922.html,3 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks Offering Up To 6.5% Yield,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline last week  investors are increasingly focusing on...,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline last week  investors are increasingly focusing on stable returns. Dividend stocks  known for providing regular income and potential resilience in varied market conditions  could be particularly appealing in the current economic environment marked by discussions around interest rate adjustments and inflation concerns.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.01% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.51% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.37% ★★★★★★ Fleury Michon (ENXTPA:ALFLE) 5.49% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.22% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.18% ★★★★★☆ Teleperformance (ENXTPA:TEP) 3.54% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 3.94% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.71% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.09% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 33 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Here's a peek at a few of the choices from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Delfingen Industry S.A.  a global provider of protection and routing systems for electrical networks and on-board fluid transfer solutions primarily to the industrial and automotive sectors  has a market capitalization of approximately €97.79 million.Operations: Delfingen Industry S.A. generates revenue primarily through its segments in Europa and Africa - Mobilities (€223.03 million)  Americas Mobilities (€143.77 million)  Asia Mobilities (€60.76 million)  and Industry (€51.40 million).Dividend Yield: 3.1%Delfingen Industry S.A.  despite a low dividend yield of 3.07% compared to the French market's top quartile at 5.13%  maintains a sustainable payout with its earnings covering dividends at a ratio of 43.6% and cash flows at 9.7%. However  its dividend history shows volatility over the past decade  reflecting some instability in payments despite recent financial improvements shown by an increase in sales to €456.7 million in 2023 from €417.1 million the previous year and a forecasted annual earnings growth of 34.98%.ENXTPA:ALDEL Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Fleury Michon SA is a company engaged in the production and sale of food products  operating both in France and internationally  with a market capitalization of approximately €98.87 million.Story continuesOperations: Fleury Michon SA generates €709.60 million from its Division GMS France and €83.92 million from its International Division in revenue.Dividend Yield: 5.5%Fleury Michon SA showcased a significant increase in annual sales to €836.2 million and a robust rise in net income to €10.3 million for 2023. Despite its high dividend yield of 5.49%  which ranks well within the top French dividend payers  the company has experienced volatility in its dividend payments over the past decade  indicating some instability. However  dividends are well-supported by earnings with a payout ratio of 36% and an even lower cash payout ratio of 12.8%.ENXTPA:ALFLE Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: SCOR SE operates globally  offering life and non-life reinsurance products across multiple regions  with a market capitalization of approximately €4.89 billion.Operations: SCOR SE generates revenue primarily through its life reinsurance segment  SCOR L&H  which contributes €8.45 billion  and its property and casualty reinsurance segment  SCOR P&C  with revenues of €7.04 billion.Dividend Yield: 6.6%SCOR SE recently approved a €1.80 dividend per share for 2023  reflecting a commitment to shareholder returns despite past volatility in dividend payments. With a payout ratio of 39.7% and cash payout ratio of 24.2%  dividends appear sustainable  supported by substantial earnings growth and positive cash flows. However  the historical instability in dividends may concern some investors seeking consistent income streams from their investments in the French market.ENXTPA:SCR Dividend History as at May 2024Key TakeawaysClick here to access our complete index of 33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Searching for a Fresh Perspective?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:ALDEL ENXTPA:ALFLE and ENXTPA:SCR.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.23,0.52,True,English,"['3 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', '6.5% Yield', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Métropole Télévision', '33 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Simply Wall St app', 'Delfingen Industry S.A.', 'top French dividend payers', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'lower cash payout ratio', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'low dividend yield', 'high dividend yield', 'SCOR L&H', 'ALDEL Dividend History', 'SCR Dividend History', 'fluctuating European markets', 'current economic environment', 'interest rate adjustments', 'fluid transfer solutions', 'casualty reinsurance segment', 'Fleury Michon SA', 'positive cash flows', 'SCOR P&C', 'recent financial improvements', 'life reinsurance segment', 'consistent income streams', 'varied market conditions', 'essential market intelligence', 'ALFLE Dividend History', 'substantial earnings growth', 'long-term focused analysis', 'life reinsurance products', 'annual earnings growth', 'top quartile', 'dividend payments', 'French market', 'sustainable payout', 'food products', 'SCOR SE', 'regular income', 'net income', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'market capitalization', 'market movements', 'CAC 40 Index', 'modest decline', 'stable returns', 'potential resilience', 'inflation concerns', 'CBo Territoria', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'global provider', 'routing systems', 'electrical networks', 'automotive sectors', 'past decade', 'previous year', 'annual sales', 'robust rise', 'multiple regions', 'shareholder returns', 'Key Takeaways', 'complete index', 'close eye', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'Fresh Perspective', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'Americas Mobilities', 'Asia Mobilities', 'International Division', 'significant increase', '€1.80 dividend', '33 stocks', 'past volatility', 'historical instability', 'GMS France', 'backdrop', 'investors', 'discussions', 'ENXTPA', 'RUI', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'MMT', 'Sanofi', 'Teleperformance', 'TEP', 'ALEXA', 'Arkema', 'ALPDX', 'peek', 'choices', 'Overview', 'protection', 'board', 'industrial', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'segments', 'Europa', 'Africa', 'dividends', 'May', 'production', 'property', 'commitment', 'investments', 'companies', 'power', 'portfolio', 'continent', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '2023']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,finance.yahoo.com
41729,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/SosTravel-com-chooses-CFO-SIM-as-new-Euronext-Growth-Advisor-46843905/,SosTravel.com chooses CFO SIM as new Euronext Growth Advisor,(marketscreener.com) SosTravel.com Spa announced Tuesday that it has appointed CFO SIM Spa as its Euronext Growth Advisor and Specialist. The new specialist will take over from Banca Finnat Spa effective Aug. 1. SosTravel.com's stock closed Tuesday down 4.0 p…,May 28  2024 at 01:38 pm EDT(Alliance News) - SosTravel.com Spa announced Tuesday that it has appointed CFO SIM Spa as its Euronext Growth Advisor and Specialist.The new specialist will take over from Banca Finnat Spa effective Aug. 1.SosTravel.com's stock closed Tuesday down 4.0 percent at EUR1.34 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['new Euronext Growth Advisor', 'SosTravel.com', 'CFO SIM', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'CFO SIM Spa', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Banca Finnat Spa', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'SosTravel.com Spa', 'new specialist', 'May', 'Aug.', 'stock', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'alliancenews', 'rights', '01', '38']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41730,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/f8e95036901fd5be,Glanbia Advances Share Buy-Back Programme,has released an update. Glanbia plc  a global nutrition group  has recently executed a share buyback on Euronext Dublin  purchasing... #euronextdublin,has released an update. Glanbia plc  a global nutrition group  has recently executed a share buyback on Euronext Dublin  purchasing...#euronextdublinThis story appeared on tipranks.com  .,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,True,English,"['Glanbia Advances', 'Buy-Back Programme', 'global nutrition group', 'Glanbia plc', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Dublin', 'update', 'euronextdublin', 'story', 'tipranks']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,biztoc.com
41731,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2889257/0/en/Repurchase-of-Shares.html,Repurchase of Shares,Repurchase of Shares     Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 44 443 of its own shares in the period from 20...,Repurchase of SharesAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 44 443 of its own shares in the period from 20 May 2024 up to and including 22 May 2024 at an average price of €19.98.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €0.9 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 709 503 shares at an average price of €18.00 for a total consideration of €12.8 million.2 471 885 shares were held in treasury as of 22 May 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['Repurchase', 'Shares', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'strategic investment unit', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'significant business', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'Repurchase', 'Shares', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '20 May', '22 May', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41732,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/SosTravel-com-S-p-A-CONFERISCE-A-CFO-SIM-L-INCARICO-DI-EURONEXT-GROWTH-ADVISOR-E-SPECIALIST-46842237/,SosTravel com S p A : CONFERISCE A CFO SIM L'INCARICO DI EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR E SPECIALIST,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   SOSTRAVEL APPOINTS CFO SIM AS EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR AND SPECIALIST   Gallarate   May 27  2024 - Sostravel.com S.p.A.   the Italian digital travel platform for bookings  itineraries  flight and airport informati…,SosTravel.com SpA is an Italy-based company  which is active in the travel industry. The Company offers an Internet platform that offers a number of services  such as Flight Info  which includes a digital concierge that informs users regarding the time to reach the airport  check-in  boarding and real time updates on the status of their flights; Airport Info  which includes parking  waiting time in airports  a list of restaurants and shops and lounges  among others; Lost & Found Concierge  which encompasses refund of up to 4000 Euros for lost luggage; P.I.R Lost Luggage  which enables users to open and follow in real time a property irregularity report (P.I.R) by receiving pieces of information regarding lost/damaged luggage through the use of a smartphone  and Travel Concierge  which offers customer care services 24 hours a day and seven days a week in a number of languages through telephone  Facebook  Twitter and e-mail  among others. It also provides Health Insurance.Sector Software,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR', 'SosTravel', 'CFO', 'INCARICO', 'SPECIALIST', 'P.I.R Lost Luggage', 'SosTravel.com SpA', 'property irregularity report', 'customer care services', 'real time updates', 'damaged luggage', 'Italy-based company', 'travel industry', 'The Company', 'Internet platform', 'Flight Info', 'digital concierge', 'waiting time', 'Found Concierge', 'Travel Concierge', 'Health Insurance', 'Sector Software', 'Airport Info', 'number', 'users', 'check', 'boarding', 'status', 'flights', 'parking', 'airports', 'list', 'restaurants', 'shops', 'lounges', 'others', 'refund', '4000 Euros', 'pieces', 'information', 'smartphone', 'languages', 'telephone', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'mail']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41733,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/SosTravel-com-S-p-A-APPOINTS-CFO-SIM-AS-EURONEXT-GROWTH-ADVISOR-AND-SPECIALIST-46842344/,SosTravel com S p A : APPOINTS CFO SIM AS EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR AND SPECIALIST,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   SOSTRAVEL APPOINTS CFO SIM AS EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR AND SPECIALIST   Gallarate   April 29  2024 - Sostravel.com S.p.A.   the Italian digital travel platform for bookings  itineraries  flight and airport informa…,SosTravel.com SpA is an Italy-based company  which is active in the travel industry. The Company offers an Internet platform that offers a number of services  such as Flight Info  which includes a digital concierge that informs users regarding the time to reach the airport  check-in  boarding and real time updates on the status of their flights; Airport Info  which includes parking  waiting time in airports  a list of restaurants and shops and lounges  among others; Lost & Found Concierge  which encompasses refund of up to 4000 Euros for lost luggage; P.I.R Lost Luggage  which enables users to open and follow in real time a property irregularity report (P.I.R) by receiving pieces of information regarding lost/damaged luggage through the use of a smartphone  and Travel Concierge  which offers customer care services 24 hours a day and seven days a week in a number of languages through telephone  Facebook  Twitter and e-mail  among others. It also provides Health Insurance.Sector Software,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR', 'APPOINTS CFO', 'SosTravel', 'SPECIALIST', 'P.I.R Lost Luggage', 'SosTravel.com SpA', 'property irregularity report', 'customer care services', 'real time updates', 'damaged luggage', 'Italy-based company', 'travel industry', 'The Company', 'Internet platform', 'Flight Info', 'digital concierge', 'waiting time', 'Found Concierge', 'Travel Concierge', 'Health Insurance', 'Sector Software', 'Airport Info', 'number', 'users', 'check', 'boarding', 'status', 'flights', 'parking', 'airports', 'list', 'restaurants', 'shops', 'lounges', 'others', 'refund', '4000 Euros', 'pieces', 'information', 'smartphone', 'languages', 'telephone', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'mail']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41734,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/7104270040803599,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences,Regulatory News:     Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (&#x201C;   Innate   &#x201D; or the &#x201C;   Company   &#x201D;) today announced members of its executive team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming conferences  detail...,"Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation in Upcoming Investor ConferencesRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) today announced members of its executive team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming conferences  detailed below. Participants will include Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive Officer  Sonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President (EVP)  Chief Medical Officer  Yannis Morel  EVP  Chief Operating Officer and Arvind Sood  EVP  President of US Operations.Jefferies Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 5-6  2024 | New York  United StatesGoldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 10-13  2024 | Miami  United StatesH.C. Wainwright 2 nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual ConferenceEvent date: June 25  2024 | VirtualStifel 2 nd European Healthcare Summit LyonEvent dates: June 25-27  2024 | Lyon  FranceAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240527633153/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Innate Pharma', 'Participation', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', '2 nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual Conference', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', '45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', '2 nd European Healthcare Summit Lyon', 'Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'innate immune system', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'leading research institutions', 'Executive Vice President', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Annual Report', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'upcoming conferences', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'executive team', 'cancer patients', 'Regulatory News', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'Event dates', 'New York', 'United States', 'Goldman Sachs', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'Euronext Paris', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'advanced form', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'additional information', 'numerous risks', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'Participation', 'members', 'Participants', 'EVP', 'June', 'Miami', 'Stifel', 'France', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'innate-pharma', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'NewCap', '33', '1']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investorsobserver.com
41735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-GROUPE-NV-5967/news/KBC-Group-Update-regarding-the-KBC-Group-share-buyback-programme-46836587/,KBC Group: Update regarding the KBC Group share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 20 May 2024 and 2…,Within the framework of the share buyback programme announced on 10 August 2023 after trading hours  KBC Group NV wishes to advise that the following transactions took place on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market between 20 May 2024 and 24 May 2024  included:Date No. of shares Total price Average price Lowest price Highest price 20-05-2024 89 000 € 6 140 003 € 68.99 € 68.74 € 69.26 21-05-2024 88 000 € 6 041 350 € 68.65 € 67.84 € 69.10 22-05-2024 89 000 € 6 065 430 € 68.15 € 67.86 € 68.90 23-05-2024 88 000 € 6 057 647 € 68.84 € 67.80 € 69.24 24-05-2024 90 000 € 6 096 393 € 67.74 € 67.46 € 68.10Following these transactions  the total number of own shares held by KBC Group NV within the framework of the share buyback programme amounted to 16 603 766 on 24 May 2024  for a total consideration of € 1 005 400 695.This information is also available at https://www.kbc.com/en/share-buy-backAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['KBC Group share buyback programme', 'Update', 'Euronext Brussels’ regulated market', 'Total price Average price', 'share buyback programme', 'KBC Group NV', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'trading hours', 'Date No.', 'following transactions', 'framework', '10 August', 'place', '20 May', '24 May', 'shares', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41736,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-FINAL-RESULTS-OF-THE-EXERCISE-OF-THE-RIGHT-OF-WITHDRAWAL-FILIN-46839241/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : FINAL RESULTS OF THE EXERCISE OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL - FILING OF THE OFFER FOR THE WITHDRAWAL SHARES,(marketscreener.com)   FINAL RESULTS OF THE EXERCISE OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL   FILING OF THE OFFER FOR THE WITHDRAWAL SHARES   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan se…,"FINAL RESULTS OF THE EXERCISE OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWALFILING OF THE OFFER FOR THE WITHDRAWAL SHARESTamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"")  an independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that  with reference to the resolution passed by the extraordinary shareholders' meeting held on April 29  2024 concerning the ""introduction of a new paragraph 7.2 letter a-bis)in article 7 of the by-lawsand  consequently  the introduction of paragraph 7.2 letter b) (x)"" concerning the ""additional"" increase of the right to vote  the deadline for the exercise of the right of withdrawal for absent shareholders  abstaining shareholders and those who voted against the above mentioned resolution  expired on May 23  2024.It should also be noted that the effectiveness of this resolution was subject to the circumstance that the amount of money that may be paid by the company  pursuant to Article 2437-quater of the Italian Civil Code  to the shareholders who exercised their right of withdrawal exceeded the overall amount of 25 000 000 euros (twenty-five million).Based on the declarations of exercise of the right of withdrawal received by the company within the aforementioned deadline  the right of withdrawal was validly exercised for a total of 101 206 shares  representing 0.0549% of TIP's share capital for an overall value of the withdrawal shares equal to 880 846.42 euros.Therefore  the termination condition has not occurred and the resolution is definitively effective.TIP will proceed with the liquidation of the withdrawal shares in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and  to this regard  informs that  pursuant to Article 2437-quater  paragraph 2  of the Italian Civil Code  TIP has filed today  with the Companies' Register of Milan  Monza  Brianza  Lodi  the notice of option offer of the withdrawal shares to all shareholders of the company holding shares for which the right of withdrawal has not been exercised (the ""Option Offer""). The notice has been made available to the public  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  also on the company's website www.tipspa.it in the section ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meetings/Documents""  on the authorised storage mechanism ""1Info"" www.1info.it  as well as on a national daily newspaper.Accordingly  from May 28  2024 until June  27 2024  the shareholders of the company may exercise their option rights in proportion to the number of shares held by them at the close of business on May 29  2024 and in respect of which the right of withdrawal has not been exercised.1",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', 'FINAL RESULTS', 'WITHDRAWAL SHARES', 'EXERCISE', 'THE', 'RIGHT', 'FILING', 'OFFER', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'diversified industrial group', 'Italian Civil Code', 'authorised storage mechanism', 'national daily newspaper', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""Companies' Register"", 'FINAL RESULTS', 'additional"" increase', 'share capital', 'overall value', 'termination condition', 'applicable laws', 'option rights', 'new paragraph', 'paragraph 7.2 letter', 'option offer', 'overall amount', 'absent shareholders', 'WITHDRAWAL SHARES', '101,206 shares', 'THE', 'EXERCISE', 'FILING', 'TIP', 'independent', 'reference', 'resolution', 'April', 'introduction', 'article', 'lawsand', 'vote', 'deadline', 'May', 'effectiveness', 'circumstance', 'money', 'company', '25,000,000 euros', 'declarations', 'total', '880,846.42 euros', 'liquidation', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'regard', 'quater', 'Monza', 'Brianza', 'Lodi', 'notice', 'public', 'website', 'section', 'Documents', '1Info', 'June', 'proportion', 'number', 'close', 'business', 'respect']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41737,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46836612/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 28-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST28 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 27th of May 2024 it purchased…,"28 May 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 27th of May 2024 it purchased a total of 45 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 45 000 N/a Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7620 N/a Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7440 N/a Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7533 N/aThe purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 645 881 331 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUREuronext Dublin",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'share buyback programme', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Issuer Name', 'total number', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', '645,881,331 ordinary shares', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'May', '27th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41738,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-announces-its-participation-in-upcoming-investor-conferences-93CH-3458022,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) today announced members of its executive team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming conferences  detailed below. Participants will include HervÃ© Brailly  Chief Executive Officer  Sonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President (EVP)  Chief Medical Officer  Yannis Morel  EVP  Chief Operating Officer and Arvind Sood  EVP  President of US Operations.Jefferies Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 5-6  2024 | New York  United StatesGoldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 10-13  2024 | Miami  United StatesH.C. Wainwright 2nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual ConferenceEvent date: June 25  2024 | VirtualStifel 2nd European Healthcare Summit LyonEvent dates: June 25-27  2024 | Lyon  FranceAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi (NASDAQ: ) and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240527633153/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Innate Pharma', 'Participation', 'Investing', 'H.C. Wainwright 2nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual Conference', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', '45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference', '2nd European Healthcare Summit Lyon', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'Facteurs de Risque"") section', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'innate immune system', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'multiple tumor types', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading research institutions', 'Annual Report', 'Executive Vice President', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'executive team', 'cancer patients', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'upcoming conferences', 'HervÃ© Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'Event dates', 'New York', 'United States', 'Goldman Sachs', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'amf-france.org', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur RouillÃ©', 'Euronext Paris', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'Regulatory News', 'advanced form', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'source version', 'additional information', 'numerous risks', 'Henry Wheeler', 'AMF website', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'MARSEILLE', 'OTC', 'members', 'Participants', 'EVP', 'June', 'Miami', 'Stifel', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'potential', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'innate-pharma', 'NewCap', '33', '1']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41739,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Announces-Its-Participation-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences-46836309/,Innate Pharma Announces Its Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA today announced members of its executive team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming conferences  detailed below. Participants will include Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive Officer  Sonia Quaratino…,"Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced members of its executive team are scheduled to participate in the upcoming conferences  detailed below. Participants will include Hervé Brailly  Chief Executive Officer  Sonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President (EVP)  Chief Medical Officer  Yannis Morel  EVP  Chief Operating Officer and Arvind Sood  EVP  President of US Operations.Jefferies Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 5-6  2024 | New York  United StatesGoldman Sachs 45th Annual Global Healthcare ConferenceEvent dates: June 10-13  2024 | Miami  United StatesH.C. Wainwright 2nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual ConferenceEvent date: June 25  2024 | VirtualStifel 2nd European Healthcare Summit LyonEvent dates: June 25-27  2024 | Lyon  FranceAbout Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240527633153/en/",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,negative,0.0,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Innate Pharma', 'Participation', 'H.C. Wainwright 2nd Annual Immune Cell Engager Virtual Conference', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', '45th Annual Global Healthcare Conference', '2nd European Healthcare Summit Lyon', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'innate immune system', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading research institutions', 'Annual Report', 'Executive Vice President', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'executive team', 'cancer patients', 'Regulatory News', 'upcoming conferences', 'Hervé Brailly', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'Yannis Morel', 'Arvind Sood', 'Event dates', 'New York', 'United States', 'Goldman Sachs', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', 'US Operations', 'US office', 'actual results', 'advanced form', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'members', 'Participants', 'EVP', 'June', 'Miami', 'Stifel', 'France', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'development', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Veolia-Waga-Energy-and-ENGIE-join-forces-to-contribute-to-the-development-of-the-Renewable-Natural-46843845/,Veolia  Waga Energy and ENGIE join forces to contribute to the development of the Renewable Natural Gas industry in France,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyVeolia  Waga Energy and ENGIE join forces to contribute to the development of the Renewable Natural Gas industry in France 28-May-2024 / 19:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Gr…,"Waga EnergyVeolia  Waga Energy and ENGIE join forces to contribute to the development of the Renewable Natural Gas industry in France28-May-2024 / 19:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Veolia  Waga Energy and ENGIE join forces to contribute to the development of the Renewable Natural Gas industry in France Since May 1  2024  Waga Energy has been selling the Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) produced at Veolia's Val Pôle in Claye-Souilly (north-central France)  to ENGIE under a Biomethane Purchase Agreement (BPA)  without recourse to the feed-in tariff subsidized by the French government. This 13-year contract is the longest BPA signed in France to date. With the growing need to develop local  low-carbon energies  Veolia  a leader in bioenergies  Waga Energy  a global expert in the production of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) from landfills  and ENGIE  a world leader in low-carbon energy and services  have created an unprecedented partnership to take a significant step forward in the development of the RNG industry in France. Since March 2022  Veolia has been supplying Waga Energy with biogas from the Claye-Souilly landfill site in the Île-de-France region to produce RNG using its patented WAGABOX® technology. This RNG was initially sold to ENGIE under the feed-in tariff subsidized by the French government. A Biomethane Purchase Agreement (BPA)  valuing RNG at a higher price than the subsidized price  came into force on May 1  2024  for a period of 13 years. This is the longest BPA signed in France to date  which enabled Waga Energy to retain the financing of the RNG production unit through a long-term loan from the CIC and Arkéa Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels banks. Through this agreement  ENGIE will be able to market unsubsidized RNG to its customers  who will thus be able to demonstrate a reduction in the environmental impact of their activities and the carbon footprint of their products. The green value of this renewable gas is underpinned by the resale of Guarantees of Origin (""GO"") and Proof of Sustainability (""PoS"") certificates issued as part of ISCC1 certification. Veolia's Claye-Souilly site is home to one of France's largest RNG production units  with an annual capacity of 120 GWh of RNG per year  equivalent to the consumption of around 20 000 households. Its commissioning avoids the emission of around 20 000 tonnes of CO2eq by reducing the use of fossil natural gas. Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia: ""Veolia is a key player in the production of bioenergy  already producing 1.6 terawatt-hour of biogas from waste anaerobic digestion in France alone. Through this partnership with Waga Energy and ENGIE  we are contributing to the development of a genuine green gas production industry at the European level  essential for the ecological transformation. This is perfectly aligned with our GreenUp strategic plan  which aims to accelerate the deployment of local  low-carbon green energy.” Miya Paolucci  member of ENGIE's Global Energy Management & Sales Executive Committee: ""Veolia and Waga Energy are excellent industrial partners who  like ENGIE  are driven by the desire to develop RNG  a renewable  local and sovereign energy  which is one of the pillars of the energy transition. The signing of this new BPA contributes to ENGIE's goal to supply 30 TWh of RNG per year to our customers by 2030"". Mathieu Lefebvre  Chief Executive Officer of Waga Energy: ""The signing of this 13-year BPA with ENGIE is a first of its kind in France! The performance of the WAGABOX® technology and its ability to produce RNG at competitive prices on large-capacity landfills such as Veolia's Val Pôle in Claye-Souilly  have enabled us to conclude an agreement that creates value for all stakeholders involved in the project  without calling on the state-subsidized tariff. We are delighted with this major first in the world of renewable gas  the result of close collaboration with the Veolia and ENGIE teams  and would like to thank CIC and Arkea Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels for their renewed confidence in this new stage of the project"".1The ISCC (International Sustainability & Carbon Certification) label proves that a RNG production facility complies with the sustainability and greenhouse gas emission reduction criteria defined by the European RED II directive. About Veolia Veolia’s ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. About ENGIE ENGIE is a global reference in low-carbon energy and services. With its 97 000 employees  clients  partners and stakeholders  the Group strives every day to accelerate the transition towards a carbon-neutral economy  through reduced energy consumption and more environmentally friendly solutions. Inspired by its purpose (“raison d’être”)  ENGIE reconciles economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet  building on its key businesses (gas  renewable energy  services) to offer competitive solutions to its customers. Turnover in 2023: €82.6 billion. The Group is listed on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges (ENGI) and is represented in the main financial indices (CAC 40  Euronext 100  FTSE Euro 100  MSCI Europe) and nonfinancial indices (DJSI World  Euronext Vigeo Eiris - Europe 120 / France 20  MSCI EMU ESG screened  MSCI EUROPE ESG Universal Select  Stoxx Europe 600 ESG-X). About Waga Energy Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. Waga Energy operates 24 units (owned or sold) in France  Spain  Canada and the USA  representing an installed capacity of 940 GWh per year (3 207 400 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris. Contacts: Veolia Laurent Obadia – Evgeniya Mazalova – Anna Beaubatie – Aurélien Sarrosquy +33 (0)1 85 57 86 25 presse.groupe@veolia.com ENGIE +33 (0)1 44 22 24 35 engiepress@engie.com Waga Energy Anne-Gaëlle FonthieurePress Relations Officer+33 (0)6 11 70 69 74anne-gaelle.fonthieure@waga-energy.com Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Download the press release",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Renewable Natural Gas industry', 'Waga Energy', 'Veolia', 'ENGIE', 'forces', 'development', 'France', 'greenhouse gas emission reduction criteria', 'genuine green gas production industry', 'Arkéa Banque Entreprises', 'European RED II directive', 'Renewable Natural Gas industry', 'A Biomethane Purchase Agreement', 'largest RNG production units', 'local, low-carbon green energy', 'Arkea Banque Entreprises', 'fossil natural gas', 'Val Pôle', 'local, low-carbon energies', 'GreenUp strategic plan', 'Sales Executive Committee', 'excellent industrial partners', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'useful, practical solutions', '63 million metric tons', 'French Regulatory News', 'Carbon Certification) label', 'three complementary activities', 'waste anaerobic digestion', 'Global Energy Management', 'RNG production facility', 'Claye-Souilly landfill site', 'renewable gas', 'renewable, local', 'RNG industry', 'green value', 'low-carbon energy', 'European level', 'global expert', 'carbon footprint', 'ISCC1 certification', '113 million people', 'French government', 'Claye-Souilly site', 'Waga Energy', 'sovereign energy', 'energy transition', '13-year contract', 'growing need', 'significant step', 'Île-de-France region', 'WAGABOX® technology', 'higher price', 'subsidized price', 'long-term loan', 'environmental impact', 'annual capacity', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'key player', 'ecological transformation', 'Miya Paolucci', 'Mathieu Lefebvre', 'competitive prices', 'close collaboration', 'new stage', '1The ISCC', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'drinking water', 'Paris Euronext', 'EQS Group', 'longest BPA', 'new BPA', '13-year BPA', 'unsubsidized RNG', 'unprecedented partnership', 'Institutionnels banks', 'large-capacity landfills', 'available resources', 'wastewater services', 'state-subsidized tariff', 'International Sustainability', 'Veolia Environnement', 'central France', 'ENGIE teams', 'Veolia group', 'world leader', 'Veolia Veolia', 'forces', 'development', '19:30 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'May', 'recourse', 'date', 'bioenergies', 'March', 'biogas', 'period', '13 years', 'financing', 'CIC', 'customers', 'products', 'resale', 'Guarantees', 'Origin', 'Proof', 'PoS', 'certificates', '120 GWh', 'consumption', '20,000 households', 'commissioning', '20,000 tonnes', 'CO2eq', 'CEO', 'bioenergy', '1.6 terawatt-hour', 'deployment', 'member', 'desire', 'pillars', 'signing', 'goal', '30 TWh', 'kind', 'performance', 'stakeholders', 'project', 'major', 'result', 'confidence', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCASTLE-INVESTMENT-LIM-13218085/news/Eurocastle-Investment-Announces-Posting-of-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-Notice-46842627/,Eurocastle Investment : Announces Posting of 2024 Annual General Meeting Notice,(marketscreener.com)   EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   Contact:   Oak Fund Services Limited   Company Administrator   Attn: Hannah Crocker   Tel: +44 1481 723450   Eurocastle Announces...https://www.marketscreene…,"EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITEDFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEContact:Oak Fund Services (Guernsey) LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450Eurocastle Announces Posting of 2024 Annual General Meeting NoticeGuernsey  28 May 2024 - Eurocastle Investment Limited (Euronext Amsterdam: ECT) (""Eurocastle"" or the ""Company"") today announces that notice of its Annual General Meeting containing the full text of the proposed resolutions and a proxy statement has been mailed out to all holders on record as of Friday  24 May 2024. In addition  the Company has posted the Annual General Meeting notice on its website under Periodic Reports and Shareholder Communications in the Investor Relations Section.As previously announced  Eurocastle will hold its Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  12 June 2024  at the Company's registered office at 2:00 pm Guernsey time (3:00 pm CET).ABOUT EUROCASTLEEurocastle Investment Limited (""Eurocastle"" or the ""Company"") is a publicly traded closed-ended investment company. On 8 July 2022  the Company announced the relaunch of its investment activity and is currently in the early stages of pursuing its new strategy by initially focusing on opportunistic real estate in Greece with a plan to expand across Southern Europe. For more information regarding Eurocastle Investment Limited and to be added to our email distribution list  please visit www.eurocastleinv.com.1",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Annual General Meeting Notice', 'Eurocastle Investment', 'Posting', '2024 Annual General Meeting Notice', 'Oak Fund Services', 'Investor Relations Section', 'opportunistic real estate', 'email distribution list', 'EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED', 'Limited Company Administrator', 'closed-ended investment company', 'investment activity', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Hannah Crocker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'full text', 'proxy statement', 'Periodic Reports', 'Shareholder Communications', 'registered office', 'early stages', 'new strategy', 'Southern Europe', 'Guernsey time', 'Contact', 'Attn', 'Posting', '28 May', 'resolutions', 'holders', 'record', 'Friday', 'addition', 'website', 'Wednesday', 'June', '8 July', 'relaunch', 'Greece', 'plan', 'information', 'eurocastleinv', '2:00']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-GROUP-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-of-treasury-shares-46836335/,Colruyt N : Repurchase of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   28 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in …,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  28 May 2024 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  Colruyt Group NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 20 May 2024 to 24 May 2024 a total of 14.600 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 2.316.006 treasury shares on 24 May 2024 or 1 82% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 127.348.890).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 20 May 2024 to 24 May 2024Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 20/05/2024 ENB 4.090 43 5479 43 68 43 30 20/05/2024 DXE 1.330 43 4589 43 48 43 44 20/05/2024 5.420 43 5261 235.911 46 21/05/2024 ENB 9.180 43 3632 43 50 43 22 21/05/2024 9.180 43 3632 398.074 18 22/05/2024 0 0 0000 22/05/2024 0 0 0000 0 00 23/05/2024 0 0 0000 23/05/2024 0 0 0000 0 00 24/05/2024 0 0 0000 24/05/2024 0 0 0000 0 00 General total 14.600 43 42 633.985 64MIC Code trading facility: Aquis (AQE)  CBOE-DXE (DXE)  Turquoise Europe (TQEX)  Euronext Brussels (ENB)  Off-marketContactKris Castelein (Secretary to the Board of Directors) +32 2 363 55 45 investor@colruytgroup.comAbout Colruyt GroupColruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  Okay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  Zeb  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores and DATS 24 filling stations  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. Jims operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Newpharma is the Belgian online pharmacy of Colruyt Group. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). Colruyt Group also holds interests  amongst others in Virya Energy (to which DATS 24 belongs since June 2023) and in Dreamland. The group employs more than 32.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 8 billion revenue in 2022/23. Colruyt Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'Repurchase', 'Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total', 'MIC Code trading facility', 'organised trading facility', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Belgian online pharmacy', 'document management solutions', 'non-food distribution sector', 'The Fashion Store', 'DATS 24 filling stations', 'EUR 10,8 billion revenue', 'Colruyt Group NV', 'purchase purchase price', 'total number', 'purchase facility', 'Associations Code', 'hospitality sector', 'ISIN code', 'shares price', 'Colruyt stores', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' information"", 'Turquoise Europe', 'Kris Castelein', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'retail products', 'professional customers', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'Virya Energy', '580 affiliated stores', 'treasury shares', 'food service', 'PointCarré stores', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '28 May', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'period', '20 May', '24 May', 'market', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'colruytgroup', 'capital', 'Date', 'ENB', 'DXE', 'Aquis', 'AQE', 'TQEX', 'Contact', 'Secretary', 'investor', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'Okay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreambaby', 'Zeb', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'Jims', 'Newpharma', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'activities', 'printing', 'interests', 'others', 'June', 'Dreamland', '32.000 employees', '700']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S--22744124/news/Mithra-postpones-its-annual-general-meeting-46841843/,Mithra postpones its annual general meeting,(marketscreener.com) Liege  Belgium  28 May 2024 – 15:00 CEST – Mithra   a company dedicated to women’s health  today announces that in the context of the monetization process and the uncertainties related thereto  Mithra postpones its Annual General Sharehol…,"Liege  Belgium  28 May 2024 – 15:00 CEST – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to women’s health  today announces that in the context of the monetization process and the uncertainties related thereto  Mithra postpones its Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting  previously planned for 30 May 2024   to a later date to be determined.Background Information:On 5 March 2024  Mithra announced the launch of a comprehensive monetization process  exploring potential sales of selected assets  notably Estetra SRL  and potentially the entire business. Additionally  Mithra announced the entry into a secured bridge loan facility (“the Facility”) for an amount of up to EUR 13.5 million to be drawn in multiple tranches upon the satisfaction of certain milestones  as well as an uncommitted EUR 5 million ""accordion"" facility (which could be used once the committed amount has been fully drawn and only if the lenders consent). The lenders under the Facility consist of funds managed by Highbridge Capital Management  LLC and funds managed by Whitebox Advisors  LLC.The monetization process for Mithra’s CDMO and Novalon SA assets are proceeding under court protection measures from the Liege Company Courts. The Mithra CDMO asset in Flemalle  Belgium was granted “Transfer under Judicial Supervision” with court-designated trustees to oversee negotiations with potential bidders and select the best offer while safeguarding the interests of the company  its creditors  and its employees. The Judicial reorganization proceedings to restructure the debt of Novalon SA  Mithra’s complex therapeutics business  involves reaching an amicable agreement with some creditors and implementing a court-sanctioned debt-restructuring plan therewith. The protection measures are expected to remain in effect until 19 June 2024.For more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of IR & Communicationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com +32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming women’s health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE® and DONESTA® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.03,0.71,0.27,mixed,0.21,0.28,0.51,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Mithra', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'uncommitted EUR 5 million ""accordion"" facility', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'secured bridge loan facility', 'The Judicial reorganization proceedings', 'The Mithra CDMO asset', 'Highbridge Capital Management', 'court-sanctioned debt-restructuring plan', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'early drug development', 'complex liquid injectables', 'complex therapeutics business', 'first estetrol-based product', 'court protection measures', 'complex polymeric products', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'comprehensive monetization process', 'Novalon SA assets', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Liege Company Courts', 'Communications investorrelations', 'Judicial Supervision', 'The Company', 'entire business', 'second product', 'later date', 'Estetra SRL', 'multiple tranches', 'Whitebox Advisors', 'court-designated trustees', 'best offer', 'amicable agreement', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'Liège', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'Background Information', 'potential sales', 'potential bidders', 'Important information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgium', '28 May', '15:00 CEST', 'MITRA', 'women', 'health', 'context', 'uncertainties', '30 May', '5 March', 'launch', 'entry', 'amount', 'satisfaction', 'milestones', 'lenders', 'funds', 'LLC', 'Flemalle', 'Transfer', 'negotiations', 'interests', 'creditors', 'employees', 'effect', '19 June', 'PhD', 'Head', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'applications', 'ESTELLE', 'DONESTA®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'project', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/mithra-postpones-its-annual-general-meeting-93CH-3459146,Mithra postpones its annual general meeting By Investing.com,Mithra postpones its annual general meeting,"Liege  Belgium  28 May 2024 “ 15:00 CEST “ Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to women's health  today announces that in the context of the monetization process and the uncertainties related thereto  Mithra postpones its Annual General Shareholders' Meeting  previously planned for 30 May 2024  to a later date to be determined.Background Information:On 5 March 2024  Mithra announced the launch of a comprehensive monetization process  exploring potential sales of selected assets  notably Estetra SRL  and potentially the entire business. Additionally  Mithra announced the entry into a secured bridge loan facility (the Facility) for an amount of up to EUR 13.5 million to be drawn in multiple tranches upon the satisfaction of certain milestones  as well as an uncommitted EUR 5 million ""accordion"" facility (which could be used once the committed amount has been fully drawn and only if the lenders consent). The lenders under the Facility consist of funds managed by Highbridge Capital Management  LLC and funds managed by Whitebox Advisors  LLC.The monetization process for Mithra's CDMO and Novalon SA assets are proceeding under court protection measures from the Liege Company Courts. The Mithra CDMO asset in Flemalle  Belgium was granted Transfer under Judicial Supervision with court-designated trustees to oversee negotiations with potential bidders and select the best offer while safeguarding the interests of the company  its creditors  and its employees. The Judicial reorganization proceedings to restructure the debt of Novalon SA  Mithra's complex therapeutics business  involves reaching an amicable agreement with some creditors and implementing a court-sanctioned debt-restructuring plan therewith. The protection measures are expected to remain in effect until 19 June 2024.For more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of IR & Communicationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com +32 (0)4 349 28 22 FrÃ©dÃ©rique Depraetere Communications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About Mithra Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming women's health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra's goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women's needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE ®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA ®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in LiÃ¨ge  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE ® and DONESTA ® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Source: Mithra Pharmaceuticals",neutral,0.04,0.86,0.1,negative,0.05,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Mithra', 'Investing', 'dÃ©rique Depraetere Communications Directorinfo', 'uncommitted EUR 5 million ""accordion"" facility', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'secured bridge loan facility', 'The Judicial reorganization proceedings', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski', 'The Mithra CDMO asset', 'Mithra Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Highbridge Capital Management', 'court-sanctioned debt-restructuring plan', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'early drug development', 'complex liquid injectables', 'complex therapeutics business', 'first estetrol-based product', 'court protection measures', 'complex polymeric products', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'comprehensive monetization process', 'Novalon SA assets', 'Liege Company Courts', 'Judicial Supervision', 'The Company', 'entire business', 'second product', 'Euronext Brussels', 'later date', 'Estetra SRL', 'multiple tranches', 'Whitebox Advisors', 'court-designated trustees', 'best offer', 'amicable agreement', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', 'LiÃ¨ge', 'Important informationThe', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'potential sales', 'potential bidders', 'Background Information', 'committed amount', 'Belgium', 'May', '15:00 CEST', 'MITRA', 'women', 'health', 'context', 'uncertainties', '5 March', 'launch', 'entry', 'satisfaction', 'milestones', 'lenders', 'funds', 'LLC', 'Flemalle', 'Transfer', 'negotiations', 'interests', 'creditors', 'employees', 'effect', '19 June', 'PhDHead', 'Communicationsinvestorrelations', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'applications', 'ESTELLE', 'DONESTA ®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', 'trademarks', 'affiliates', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'project', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'Source']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Progresses-with-Asset-Light-Strategy-Reaches-Agreement-to-Sell-Stake-in-TNS-in-Kazakhstan-46842188/,VEON Progresses with Asset-Light Strategy  Reaches Agreement to Sell Stake in TNS+ in Kazakhstan,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam and Astana  28 May 2024: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that it has signed an agreement for the sale of its 49% stake in Kazakh wholesale telecommunicati…,Amsterdam and Astana  28 May 2024: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that it has signed an agreement for the sale of its 49% stake in Kazakh wholesale telecommunications infrastructure services provider TNS Plus LLP (TNS+) to its JV partner  the DAR group of companies.TNS+ is an international operator providing a wide range of telecommunication services in voice  internet access  data transmission  transparent digital channels  IP VPN  IPLS and long-distance communication services to commercial telecommunications operators  as well as large corporate clients on the enterprise segment.The total consideration for the sale is USD 137.5 million. The closing of the transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals in Kazakhstan.“This agreement marks further progress on the execution of our asset-light strategy. Beeline Kazakhstan is Kazakhstan’s digital powerhouse  with products ranging from its financial services application Simply  to its entertainment platform BeeTV  and its innovative second brand Izi. Beeline Kazakhstan’s software development company QazCode spearheads an AI-first approach in the country. This divestment will allow us to focus more deeply in these areas while optimizing the management of infrastructure services in the capable hands of our partners ” said Kaan Terzioglu  Group CEO of VEON.“This deal represents our positive long-term view of the Kazakhstan economy and its robust performance. During the last 17 years  TNS+ heavily invested in building extensive fiber network of more than 14000 km throughout Kazakhstan  connecting all major cities and neighbouring countries. We are continuing to invest in growing telecommunications infrastructure assets and digital innovations ” said Alidar Utemuratov  Group CEO and founder of DAR.About DARDAR is an international group that has many years of extensive expertise in telecom  fintech  media and technology industries. DAR was founded by Alidar Utemuratov  investor and technology entrepreneur  who also launched theinvestment firm  GreenApple known internationally for successful cases of Cellwize and 2Day Telecom.About VEONVEON is a digital operator that provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to more than 7% of the world’s population  VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s strategy and divestment plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.ContactVEONHande AsikGroup Director of Communicationspr@veon.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Asset-Light Strategy', 'VEON', 'Agreement', 'Stake', 'TNS+', 'Kazakhstan', 'Kazakh wholesale telecommunications infrastructure services provider', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'growing telecommunications infrastructure assets', 'Hande Asik Group Director', 'commercial telecommunications operators', 'TNS Plus LLP', 'large corporate clients', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'software development company', 'positive long-term view', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'long-distance communication services', 'financial services application', 'extensive fiber network', 'transparent digital channels', 'global digital operator', 'digital services', 'online services', 'telecommunication services', 'technology-driven services', 'extensive expertise', 'Group CEO', 'international group', 'international operator', 'digital powerhouse', 'digital innovations', 'converged connectivity', 'JV partner', 'wide range', 'internet access', 'data transmission', 'IP VPN', 'enterprise segment', 'total consideration', 'entertainment platform', 'second brand', 'AI-first approach', 'capable hands', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'robust performance', 'last 17 years', 'major cities', 'neighbouring countries', 'Alidar Utemuratov', 'many years', 'technology industries', 'technology entrepreneur', 'theinvestment firm', 'successful cases', '160 million customers', 'six countries', 'economic growth', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'DAR group', 'asset-light strategy', 'Beeline Kazakhstan', 'Kazakhstan economy', '2Day Telecom', 'divestment plans', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'DAR.', 'Astana', 'NASDAQ', 'agreement', '49% stake', 'TNS+', 'companies', 'voice', 'IPLS', 'closing', 'transaction', 'progress', 'execution', 'products', 'BeeTV', 'innovative', 'Izi', 'QazCode', 'country', 'areas', 'management', 'partners', 'deal', '14000 km', 'founder', 'fintech', 'media', 'investor', 'GreenApple', 'Cellwize', 'world', 'population', 'lives', 'individuals', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'elements', 'Contact']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Summary-of-the-Combined-general-meeting-held-on-23-May-2024-46837850/,Lhyfe :  Summary of the Combined general meeting held on 23 May 2024,(marketscreener.com)  Nantes – 28 May 2024 – 08.45 am. – The Combined general meeting of Lhyfe   an independent green hydrogen producer for low carbon industry and mobility  was held on 23 May 2024. This meeting was chaired by Matthieu Guesné  Chairman of t…,"Nantes (France) – 28 May 2024 – 08.45 am. – The Combined general meeting of Lhyfe (Euronext Paris – FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE)  an independent green hydrogen producer for low carbon industry and mobility  was held on 23 May 2024. This meeting was chaired by Matthieu Guesné  Chairman of the Board of Directors  in the presence of the Company's Statutory auditors.Lhyfe's shareholders who were present or represented or who voted in advance of the meeting or gave proxy to the chairman totalled 54 446 842 voting rights (i.e. 81.22% of all voting rights) and approved the annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023. All thirty resolutions put to the vote were approved.The voting results for each resolution proposed for approval will be made available under the Investors  General meetings section  of Lhyfe's website ( www.lhyfe.com ).The documents (in French) required by law have been made available to shareholders at the Company's headquarters (1 ter mail Pablo Picasso  44000 Nantes  France) and under the Investors  General meetings section  of Lhyfe's website ( www.lhyfe.com ).In addition  Mrs Valérie Bouillon-Delporte  independent director  has informed the Company of her intention to resign from her position  with effect from 31 May 2024  in order to concentrate on new activities that are incompatible with the exercise of her corporate office. This resignation also entails the cessation of her duties as member and Chairman of the Appointment and Remuneration Committee and as member of the Social and Environmental Responsibility Committee.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the 1st industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  it inaugurated the 1st offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world. In 2023  it inaugurated its 2nd and 3rd sites  and currently has several sites under construction or expansion across Europe.Lhyfe is represented in 12 European countries and had 195 staff at the end of December 2023. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - mnemonic: LHYFE).More information on Lhyfe.comContactsLhyfe - Investor relationsLHYFEYoann Nguyeninvestors@lhyfe.com Lhyfe - Financial press relationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Lhyfe - Business press relationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mmlvYZxtYZqXyW+alpyal5dpZ25mmGPFl2fKlpZqap7Gm21gyZloaJXKZnFmnm1s- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85986-lhyfe-pr-resultat-votes-agm-23052024-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Combined general meeting', 'Lhyfe', 'Summary', '23 May', '1st offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform', '1st industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant', 'Mrs Valérie Bouillon-Delporte', 'independent green hydrogen producer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'General meetings section', 'original press release', 'Financial press relations', 'Business press relations', 'Environmental Responsibility Committee', 'virtuous energy model', 'next press releases', 'low carbon industry', 'Clémence Rebours', 'Combined general meeting', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'production sites', 'renewable hydrogen', 'independent director', 'Investor relations', 'Remuneration Committee', 'energy transition', 'other releases', 'Matthieu Guesné', 'Statutory auditors', '54,446,842 voting rights', 'fiscal year', 'thirty resolutions', 'voting results', 'Pablo Picasso', 'new activities', 'corporate office', 'European group', 'industrial quantities', 'entire sectors', 'wind farm', '3rd sites', 'several sites', '12 European countries', 'Euronext market', 'More information', 'Yoann Nguyen', 'Manon Clairet', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Nantes', 'France', '28 May', 'Lhyfe', 'FR0014009YQ1', 'mobility', '23 May', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'presence', 'Company', 'shareholders', 'advance', 'proxy', 'annual', 'vote', 'approval', 'Investors', 'website', 'documents', 'French', 'law', 'headquarters', 'addition', 'intention', 'position', 'effect', '31 May', 'order', 'exercise', 'resignation', 'cessation', 'duties', 'member', 'Appointment', 'Social', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'creation', 'transport', 'world', '2nd', 'construction', 'expansion', '195 staff', 'December', 'mnemonic', 'Contacts', 'mclairet', 'publication', 'mmlvYZxtYZqXyW', 'alpyal5dpZ25mmGPFl2fKlpZqap7Gm21gyZloaJXKZnFmnm1s', 'Full', 'PDF', 'resultat', 'email', '08', '45', '2024']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Announces-Changes-in-Leadership-Team-46843976/,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership Team AMSTERDAM  May 28  2024 – Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes  effective June 1  2024. Luca Napolitano is appointed Chief Sales & Marketing Officer in addition to…,Stellantis Announces Changes in Leadership TeamAMSTERDAM  May 28  2024 – Stellantis today announced the following organizational changes  effective June 1  2024.Luca Napolitano is appointed Chief Sales & Marketing Officer in addition to his current responsibility as Lancia brand CEO. Luca replaces Thierry Koskas who  after successfully creating the foundations of the global sales and marketing function  will now dedicate his strong sales and marketing expertise to the expansion of the Citroën brand. Luca brings his sales expertise and automotive industry experience in both fleet and retail sales as well as dealer management and network development  as he has held positions in several countries across Europe  the Middle East and Africa.Olivier Bourges is appointed Chief Customer Experience Officer replacing Richard Schwarzwald who has decided to leave Stellantis for personal reasons. Olivier will now take on the challenge of reaching the Company’s Dare Forward 2030 commitment to be No. 1 in customer satisfaction  drawing on his deep knowledge of the industry and Stellantis operations.As planned  to replace Olivier in his current position  Clara Ingen-Housz  who joined the Company in early 2024  will be appointed head of the Global Corporate Office and Public Affairs. Clara will become a member of the Top Executive Team. She was previously Saint-Gobain’s Group Legal Counsel and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. With a strong international career including legal experiences in Hong Kong  New York and Brussels  she brings global expertise and further strengthens the diversity on the Top Executive Team.“I want to take the opportunity to warmly thank Richard for his drive  unwavering focus on our customers and contribution to the early years of Stellantis. I wish him well ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “I have every confidence in Thierry’s ability to drive the growth of the Citroën brand  Olivier’s determination to bring Stellantis to the next level of customer satisfaction and warmly welcome Clara to the Top Executive Team as we continue to execute our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  together with our passionate stakeholders around the world.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Bertrand BLAISE +33 6 33 72 61 86 – bertrand.blaise@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Leadership Team', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Chief Customer Experience Officer', 'bold strategic plan', 'Dare Forward 2030 commitment', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Top Executive Team', 'Lancia brand CEO', 'automotive industry experience', 'Group Legal Counsel', 'strong international career', 'Citroën brand', 'Global Corporate Office', 'following organizational changes', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Leadership Team', 'Chief Sales', 'Marketing Officer', 'customer satisfaction', 'Chief Ethics', 'Compliance Officer', 'strong sales', 'legal experiences', 'global sales', 'global expertise', 'current responsibility', 'marketing function', 'marketing expertise', 'sales expertise', 'retail sales', 'dealer management', 'network development', 'several countries', 'Middle East', 'personal reasons', 'deep knowledge', 'current position', 'Public Affairs', 'Hong Kong', 'New York', 'unwavering focus', 'early years', 'next level', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Stellantis operations', 'Thierry Koskas', 'Richard Schwarzwald', 'passionate stakeholders', 'Luca Napolitano', 'Clara Ingen-Housz', 'Olivier Bourges', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Bertrand BLAISE', 'AMSTERDAM', 'addition', 'foundations', 'expansion', 'fleet', 'positions', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'challenge', 'head', 'member', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Brussels', 'diversity', 'opportunity', 'drive', 'customers', 'contribution', 'confidence', 'ability', 'growth', 'determination', 'world', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'way', 'value', 'information', 'Attachment']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRESCENT-NV-5956/news/Crescent-REGULATED-INFORMATION-AND-INSIDER-INFORMATION-CRESCENT-ANNUAL-RESULTS-2023-46836468/,Crescent : REGULATED INFORMATION AND INSIDER INFORMATION – CRESCENT ANNUAL RESULTS 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Leuven  Belgium - 28 May 2024 - 7:30 CET  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee    Crescent acknowledges completion of due diligence processes related to the sale of its 2Invision companies. Final offer letters from TSH hav…,Leuven  Belgium - 28 May 2024 - 7:30 CET  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee (Euronext Brussels: OPTI)Crescent acknowledges completion of due diligence processes related to the sale of its 2Invision companies. Final offer letters from TSH (Netherlands) have been received and closure is expected to take place before the general assembly scheduled for June 28th.The proceeds of this transaction will be used to fund a major strategic and operational shift of the group towards IoT systems and products for smart city and smart building applications. Moreover  more than € 5 mio of historic as well as more recent debt obligations will be eliminated freeing up much needed resources to fund growing working capital needs to fuel further profitable growth.Crescent further announces the publication of its annual accounts featuring € 17 mio in revenues for 2023 with operational profits of 5.5% including 2INVISION in 2H23.We refer to our website for the full report but wish to clarify that the final figures as reported under IFRS will exclude substantial contributions from 2Invision (as an asset held for sale) and include substantial impairments on goodwill to clean up the balance sheet and rightsize the company for profitable growth. Despite the divestiture from 2Invision (minus € 5 7 mio in revenues)  Crescent remains cautiously optimistic about realizing similar topline results (€ 17 mio) for 2024. Moreover  some LDA penalties and consolidation losses on the Maro transaction have been included in ebitda reportings for 2023. Adjusted revenues as reported under IFRS will be € 11.4 mio (excl 2Invision) and ebitda of minus € 2.2 mio and net results of minus € 7 mio.CONTACTEdwin BexGaston Geenslaan 14B-3001 Leuven  BelgiumTEL: +32 (0) 16 31 74 11E-mail: investor@option.comwww.option.comwww.crescent-ventures.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.17,0.2,0.63,True,English,"['CRESCENT ANNUAL RESULTS', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDER INFORMATION', 'growing working capital needs', 'due diligence processes', 'recent debt obligations', 'Final offer letters', 'smart building applications', 'similar topline results', 'smart city', 'final figures', 'net results', 'Euronext Brussels', 'general assembly', 'June 28th', 'major strategic', 'operational shift', 'IoT systems', 'profitable growth', 'annual accounts', 'operational profits', 'full report', 'substantial contributions', 'substantial impairments', 'balance sheet', 'LDA penalties', 'consolidation losses', 'Edwin Bex', 'Gaston Geenslaan', 'Maro transaction', 'ebitda reportings', 'Adjusted revenues', 'Crescent NV', '2Invision companies', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', '28 May', '7:30 CET', 'Geldenaaksebaan', '3001 Heverlee', 'OPTI', 'completion', 'sale', 'TSH', 'Netherlands', 'closure', 'place', 'proceeds', 'group', 'products', 'historic', 'resources', 'publication', '2H23', 'website', 'IFRS', 'asset', 'goodwill', 'company', 'divestiture', 'CONTACT', 'TEL', 'mail', 'investor', 'crescent-ventures', '€', '32']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41749,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYRSTAR-NV-28377339/news/Nyrstar-NV-Additional-update-regarding-the-FSMA-sanctions-proceedings-46844913/,Nyrstar NV – Additional update regarding the FSMA sanctions proceedings,(marketscreener.com) Nyrstar NV – Additional update regarding the FSMA sanctions proceedings 28 May 2024 at 23.00 CEST Nyrstar NV today provides an additional update regarding the proceedings pending before the FSMA Sanctions Committee. As is known  the FSMA …,Nyrstar NV – Additional update regarding the FSMA sanctions proceedings28 May 2024 at 23.00 CESTNyrstar NV (“Nyrstar”  or the “Company”) today provides an additional update regarding the proceedings pending before the FSMA Sanctions Committee.As is known  the FSMA Management Committee decided  on 30 September 2022  to initiate proceedings against Nyrstar before the FSMA Sanctions Committee which may result in the imposition of an administrative fine. The Management Committee then also asked the investigating officer to prepare an additional report on the possible application of an administrative fine to each of the directors (or their permanent representatives) of Nyrstar in office at the time of the facts.Nyrstar does not communicate any details on the content or course of these proceedings  given their confidential nature. This is also stated on its webpage “Summary of current administrative and legal proceedings” ( https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/restructuring/summary-of-ongoing-proceedings ). It did  however  provide certain information that was already included in the FSMA’s own communications.The FSMA has requested that Nyrstar complete this information by indicating (i) that the Sanctions Committee has merged the case against Nyrstar with that against the directors who were in office at the time of the facts  and (ii) that the Sanctions Committee accordingly determined a procedural calendar.The Company has also completed this on its webpage “Summary of current administrative and legal proceedings” ( https://www.nyrstarnv.be/en/investors/restructuring/summary-of-ongoing-proceedings ).About Nyrstar NVThe Company is incorporated in Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol NYR. For further information please visit the Nyrstar NV website: www.nyrstarnv.beFor further information  contact:Anthony Simms | Head of External Affairs & Legal | anthony.simms@nyrstarnv.beWhyte Corporate Affairs | +32 2738 0620 | nyrstar@whyte.beAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,negative,0.01,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['FSMA sanctions proceedings', 'Nyrstar NV', 'Additional update', 'FSMA Management Committee', 'FSMA Sanctions Committee', 'The Management Committee', 'Whyte Corporate Affairs', 'Nyrstar NV website', 'FSMA sanctions proceedings', 'The FSMA', 'External Affairs', 'Additional update', 'administrative fine', 'investigating officer', 'additional report', 'possible application', 'permanent representatives', 'confidential nature', 'current administrative', 'procedural calendar', 'Euronext Brussels', 'The Company', 'legal proceedings', 'Anthony Simms', 'May', 'CEST', '30 September', 'imposition', 'directors', 'time', 'facts', 'details', 'content', 'course', 'webpage', 'Summary', 'nyrstarnv', 'investors', 'restructuring', 'information', 'communications', 'case', 'Belgium', 'symbol', 'Head', 'Attachment', '23.', '32']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BD-MULTIMEDIA-5439/news/Bd-Multimedia-Launch-of-OLYMP-Crypto-Token-and-Olympus-Game-46837738/,Bd Multimedia :  Launch of OLYMP Crypto Token and Olympus Game,(marketscreener.com)  BD Multimedia announces the launch of Olympus Game and its $OLYMP token  by its subsidiary Olympus Game AD. This launch marks a significant step forward for Olympus Game. The token  successfully introduced on the blockchain  has been r…,"BD Multimedia announces the launch of Olympus Game and its $OLYMP token  by its subsidiary Olympus Game AD. This launch marks a significant step forward for Olympus Game. The token  successfully introduced on the blockchain  has been rapidly adopted by the community  generating sustained activity on exchange platforms and growing interest from holders.TECHNICAL DEPLOYMENT AND MARKET ADOPTIONThe $OLYMP smart contract was successfully deployed on Friday March 17 at around 5pm CEST  demonstrating the ability of the company and the platform to manage secure and efficient transactions. The token's trading activity is available for consultation and exchange on the 1inch.io swap platform at the following address: 1inch OLYMP/USDT Swap.PERFORMANCE OF THE $OLYMP TOKENSince its launch  the value of the $OLYMP token has risen by over 600%  from a low of $0.05028 to a high of $0.3902 in just a few days. The token's total market capitalization exceeds 190 million USD. For further details  all market data can be consulted in real time on CoinMarketCap.COMMUNITY ADOPTIONSince launch  more than 1 300 transactions have been carried out on the blockchain  and over 600 crypto wallets have joined the OLYMP ecosystem in just a few days. This rapid adoption testifies to the enthusiasm and confidence of our community.PROGRESSIVE COMMUNICATION STRATEGYBy using platforms such as Discord and twitter for direct announcements with real-time control  and by relying on the results of systematic tests with a 'virality' focus  the promotion must be amplified and reach more and more players.OLYMPUS GAME'S INNOVATIVE  LONG-TERM STRATEGYUnlike other Play2Earn games whose token value has plummeted due to excessive speculation  Olympus Game aims to attract real players from the video game ecosystem. The aim is to create a growing and passionate community that doesn't just think about reselling tokens to realize their winnings  but reinvests in the game to strengthen their NFTs.This unique strategy positions Olympus Game at the crossroads of the crypto and video game worlds  opening up to a wider and more passionate community of gamers.ONGOING COMMITMENT AND FUTURE PROSPECTSThe $OLYMP token is at the heart of the Olympus Game ecosystem  offering opportunities to earn money in a playful atmosphere. The token's rapid growth since its launch is a clear indication of its long-term potential in the world of blockchain gaming. We are confident that the positive momentum will continue as the offer and market expand.MORE ON OLYMPUS GAMEGame website: https://olympus.game/URL of the main application: https://app.olympus.game/URL of the game: https://play.olympus.game/ (go on the app URL to create an account first)(go on the app URL to create an account first) Project whitepaper: https://whitepaper.olympus.game/Social networks :Twitter / x: https://x.com/OlympusGameP2EDiscord: https://discord.gg/olympusgameYoutube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wi82RQBQ8sABOUT BD MULTIMEDIA:A fintech-as-a-service shift takes shapeBD Multimédia is a French fintech player in electronic payment services with a strong digital culture. The company is focused on creating value-added services through the use of information and web technologies3 : The parent company obtained a Payment Establishment license from the French regulator (ACPR) in 2015. The company has also been authorized since 2023 to manage crypto-assets on behalf of third parties (wallet management  crypto exchange  etc.) thanks to its PSAN (digital asset service provider) status obtained from the AMF.The BD MULTIMEDIA HK LTD subsidiary publishes software solutions dedicated to payment services.The subsidiary METACOLLECTOR is a platform for integrating ancient public domain art into the world of NFTs. These NFTs can then be viewed in the metaverse and exchanged between collectors.The UNIQUIRE subsidiary supports the Group's “Curated Fine Art NFTs” platform project.The OLYMPUS GAME subsidiary operates a “Play to Earn” game whose blockchain-based economy is centered on the $OLYMP token and in-game NFTs.The PAYCOM subsidiary publishes ToneoFirst prepaid Mastercard cards  which are distributed near all tobacconists in France. BD Multimédia is listed on Euronext Growth (ISIN Code: FR0000035305 / ALBDM).Full financial reports  including the Statutory Auditors' reports  are published on the Euronext website. These can be consulted on the company's website in the “Press and publications/Annual reports” section.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZ1pZZ1pk22Wx2mbashtbZSZmGxmmJHIa2mdm2ZxaZaVZ59hlphil5yaZnFmnm5n- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85991-multimedia_2024-05-28_launch_olympus-game_and_olymp-crypto_token_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.33,0.13,True,English,"['OLYMP Crypto Token', 'Bd Multimedia', 'Olympus Game', 'Launch', 'Curated Fine Art NFTs” platform project', 'The BD MULTIMEDIA HK LTD subsidiary', 'ancient public domain art', 'ToneoFirst prepaid Mastercard cards', 'digital asset service provider', '1inch.io swap platform', 'The OLYMPUS GAME subsidiary', '1inch OLYMP/USDT Swap', 'strong digital culture', 'The UNIQUIRE subsidiary', 'The PAYCOM subsidiary', 'BD Multimédia', 'other Play2Earn games', 'PROGRESSIVE COMMUNICATION STRATEGY', 'Payment Establishment license', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'French fintech player', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'INNOVATIVE, LONG-TERM STRATEGY', '$OLYMP smart contract', 'video game worlds', 'total market capitalization', 'electronic payment services', 'video game ecosystem', 'Full financial reports', 'Olympus Game AD', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Olympus Game ecosystem', 'Project whitepaper', 'service shift', 'OLYMP ecosystem', 'unique strategy', 'Annual reports', 'long-term potential', 'French regulator', 'value-added services', 'significant step', 'sustained activity', 'TECHNICAL DEPLOYMENT', 'MARKET ADOPTION', 'trading activity', 'following address', 'market data', 'real time', 'rapid adoption', 'direct announcements', 'real-time control', 'systematic tests', ""virality' focus"", 'excessive speculation', 'ONGOING COMMITMENT', 'FUTURE PROSPECTS', 'playful atmosphere', 'rapid growth', 'clear indication', 'positive momentum', 'main application', 'Social networks', 'web technologies3', 'third parties', 'wallet management', 'software solutions', 'blockchain-based economy', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN Code', '$OLYMP token', 'Game website', '600 crypto wallets', 'Euronext website', 'COMMUNITY ADOPTION', 'passionate community', 'efficient transactions', 'real players', 'app URL', 'Unregulated information', 'crypto exchange', 'blockchain gaming', 'exchange platforms', 'parent company', 'token value', '1,300 transactions', 'launch', 'interest', 'holders', 'Friday', 'March', '5pm', 'ability', 'secure', 'consultation', 'PERFORMANCE', 'high', 'days', 'details', 'CoinMarketCap', 'enthusiasm', 'confidence', 'Discord', 'twitter', 'results', 'promotion', 'aim', 'growing', 'tokens', 'winnings', 'crossroads', 'wider', 'gamers', 'heart', 'opportunities', 'money', 'offer', 'account', 'OlympusGameP2E', 'Youtube', 'Wi82RQBQ8s', 'shape', 'use', 'ACPR', 'crypto-assets', 'behalf', 'PSAN', 'status', 'AMF', 'METACOLLECTOR', 'metaverse', 'collectors', 'Group', 'tobacconists', 'France', 'ALBDM', 'section', 'publication', 'xZ1pZZ1pk22Wx2mbashtbZSZmGxmmJHIa2mdm2ZxaZaVZ59hlphil5yaZnFmnm5n', 'PDF', 'email', '2024']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41751,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-week-from-20-05-2024-to-24-05-2024-46837739/,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 20/05/2024 to 24/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS RELEASE     Brussels  28 May 2024  08:30 AM       Regulated information         ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-sha…,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  28 May 2024  08:30 AM Regulated informationwww.bois-sauvage.beCie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 20/05/2024 to24/05/2024.Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 20/05/2024 to 24/05/2024:Date of Number of shares Average price (€) Highest price (€) Lowest price (€) Total gross transaction purchased amount (€) 20-05-24 93 268 5376 269 0000 268 0000 24.974 00 21-05-24 271 271 7380 272 0000 270 0000 73.641 00 22-05-24 140 269 7786 271 0000 269 0000 37.769 00 23-05-24 174 270 8851 272 0000 270 0000 47.134 00 24-05-24 140 270 5857 272 0000 270 0000 37.882 00 Total 818 270 6601 221.400 00Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 24/05/2024  the number of shares bought back since October 2  2023 amounted to 23 576 (1 4 % of the total number of shares) for a total amount of € 6 157 745 01. The history of the realized transactions is available on www.bois-sauvage.be (in the French or Dutch section «Informations financières» - «Rachat d'actions propres»).,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Informations financières', 'Total gross transaction', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Royal Decree', 'Dutch section', 'total amount', 'total number', '28 May', 'shares', 'week', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'Date', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', '24/05', 'October', 'history', 'French', 'Rachat', '08:30']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41752,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUREL-4774/news/Maurel-Prom-Report-on-the-Ordinary-Shareholders-General-Meeting-of-28-May-2024-46843295/,Maurel & Prom: Report on the Ordinary Shareholders' General Meeting of 28 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Maurel & Prom :The Ordinary shareholders’ general meeting was held today under the chairmanship of Mr. John Anis.ResolutionsThe General Shareholders’ meeting approved all the resolutions put to the vote. The S…,Regulatory News:Maurel & Prom (Paris:MAU):The Ordinary shareholders’ general meeting was held today under the chairmanship of Mr. John Anis.ResolutionsThe General Shareholders’ meeting approved all the resolutions put to the vote. The Shareholders' Meeting approved notably the parent company and consolidated financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year.The General Shareholders’ Meeting approved the payment of a dividend of €0.30 per share. The dividend will be paid out on 5 July 2024; the ex-dividend date is 3 July 2024 and the record date is 4 July 2024.Composition of the Board of Directors and its CommitteesThe General Shareholders’ meeting renewed Mrs. Carole Delorme d'Armaillé  Mrs. Ria Noveria and Mr. Daniel Syahputra Purba as directors.The Board of Directors of Maurel & Prom remains composed of 8 members  including 3 independent directors and 4 women  i.e. 50% of the members of the Board.All information on the composition of the Board of Directors and its Committees is available on the Company's website  under Governance:https://www.maureletprom.fr/en/groupe/gouvernance/conseil-d-administrationThe Board of Directors meeting at the end of the Meeting renewed the mandate of Mr Olivier de Langavant as Chief Executive Officer for a new period of one financial year.New visual identity for the GroupA new visual identity was presented to shareholders at the close of the Annual General Meeting  the official launch of which is scheduled for 3 June 2024.For more information  please visit www.maureletprom.fr/en/_________________________________________________This document may contain forecasts regarding the financial position  results  business and industrial strategy of Maurel & Prom. By nature  forecasts contain risks and uncertainties to the extent that they are based on events or circumstances that may or may not happen in the future. These forecasts are based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable  but which may prove to be incorrect and which depend on a number of risk factors  such as fluctuations in crude oil prices  changes in exchange rates  uncertainties related to the valuation of our oil reserves  actual rates of oil production and the related costs  operational problems  political stability  legislative or regulatory reforms  or even wars  terrorism and sabotage._________________________________________________Maurel & Prom is listed for trading on Euronext ParisSBF 120 – CAC Mid 60 – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – Eligible PEA-PME and SRDIsin FR0000051070 / Bloomberg MAU.FP / Reuters MAUP.PAView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528013394/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.08,0.9,True,English,"[""Ordinary Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'Maurel', 'Prom', 'Report', '28 May', 'The Ordinary shareholders’ general meeting', 'Mr. Daniel Syahputra Purba', 'Mr Olivier de Langavant', 'The General Shareholders’ meeting', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Annual General Meeting', 'Mr. John Anis', 'Mrs. Carole Delorme', 'Mrs. Ria Noveria', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'New visual identity', 'crude oil prices', 'Bloomberg MAU.FP', 'one financial year', 'new period', '2023 fiscal year', 'financial statements', 'financial position', 'oil reserves', 'oil production', 'Regulatory News', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'official launch', 'industrial strategy', 'risk factors', 'exchange rates', 'actual rates', 'related costs', 'operational problems', 'political stability', 'regulatory reforms', 'Eligible PEA-PME', 'Reuters MAUP', 'source version', 'parent company', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC Mid', '3 independent directors', 'Maurel', 'Prom', 'chairmanship', 'Resolutions', 'vote', 'payment', '5 July', '3 July', 'Composition', 'Board', 'Committees', 'Armaillé', '8 members', '4 women', 'information', 'website', 'Governance', 'groupe', 'gouvernance', 'conseil', 'administration', 'mandate', 'close', '3 June', 'document', 'forecasts', 'results', 'business', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'extent', 'events', 'circumstances', 'future', 'assumptions', 'number', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'valuation', 'legislative', 'wars', 'terrorism', 'sabotage', 'trading', 'SBF', 'SRD', 'Isin']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41753,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-PRESS-RELEASE-46843313/,Cenergy S A : PRESS RELEASE,(marketscreener.com)   REGULATED INFORMATION   INSIDE INFORMATION   ANNOUNCEMENT   Brussels  May 28  2024   The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of iss…,REGULATED INFORMATIONINSIDE INFORMATIONANNOUNCEMENTBrussels  May 28  2024The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 regarding the duties of issuers of financial instruments which have been admitted for trading on a regulated market.Cenergy Holdings S.A. (the Company) announces that the Company's Annual Ordinary Shareholders' meeting  held on May 28  2024  approved the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  including allocation of the results and the distribution of a gross dividend of EUR 0.08 per share.The gross dividend amount of EUR 0.08 per share is subject to a 30% (*) withholding tax under Belgian Law.The record date for the beneficiaries of the dividend is Wednesday  June 26  2024 (Ex-date Tuesday  June 25  2024). Starting date of dividend payment is Thursday  June 27  2024  through ING Belgium.As for the shareholders whose shares are traded on the Athens Stock Exchange and are held in the ATHEXCSD  the dividend will be paid through the DSS Operators  following the payment of the amounts from the ATHEXCSD to the latter.For more information  shareholders can contact the Investor Relations Department (Mrs. Sofia Zairi  szairi@cenergyholdings.com).The final net dividend can be differentiated  as the Belgian tax authorities impose a withholding tax and tax compliance formalities  depending on the shareholder's tax residence.About Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Corinth Pipeworks and Hellenic Cables  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the energy sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. For more information  please visit our website at www.cenergyholdings.com.,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Cenergy S A', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'respective high growth sectors', 'Cenergy Holdings S.A.', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', ""Annual Ordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'Investor Relations Department', 'Mrs. Sofia Zairi', 'growing global demand', 'largest cable producers', 'steel pipe manufacturing', 'steel hollow sections', 'tax compliance formalities', 'Belgian tax authorities', 'final net dividend', 'leading industrial companies', 'gross dividend amount', 'Belgian holding company', 'annual accounts', 'Belgian Law', '30% (*) withholding tax', 'tax residence', 'Royal Decree', 'financial instruments', 'regulated market', 'financial year', 'ING Belgium', 'DSS Operators', 'energy transfer', 'data transmission', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'Hellenic Cables', 'telecom cables', 'submarine cables', 'world leader', 'energy sector', 'major producer', 'construction sector', 'record date', 'Starting date', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'dividend payment', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'May', '14 November', 'duties', 'issuers', 'trading', 'allocation', 'results', 'distribution', 'beneficiaries', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'ATHEXCSD', 'amounts', 'szairi', 'cenergyholdings', 'renewables', 'forefront', 'Europe', 'power', 'website']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41754,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-Presentation-of-new-Data-From-Phase-1-Immunotherapy-Program-at-the-2024-Annual-46844614/,NANOBIOTIX Announces Presentation of new Data From Phase 1 Immunotherapy Program at the 2024 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Clinical Oncology Followed by an Investor Conference Call,(marketscreener.com) New data from the completed dose escalation part and ongoing expansion part of Study 1100  an ongoing US Phase 1 study evaluating NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer to be presented b…,New data from the completed dose escalation part and ongoing expansion part of Study 1100  an ongoing US Phase 1 study evaluating NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer (n=68) to be presented by Coordinating Investigator Colette Shen  MD  PhD  at ASCO 2024Following the ASCO presentation  Nanobiotix will host an investor event on Sunday  June 2nd at 12:00 PM EDT / 6:00 PM CEST to review the presented resultsPARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced the presentation of updated data from the completed dose escalation part and first data from the ongoing expansion part of Study 1100  a US Phase 1 study evaluating NBTXR3 followed by anti-PD-1 in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer (n=68) at the 2024 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Clinical Oncology. The data will be presented by Study 1100 Coordinating Investigator Colette Shen  MD  PhD  during a poster presentation session that begins at 10:00 AM EDT / 4:00 PM CEST on Sunday  June 2nd  2024.ABSTRACT #6035: Early signs of efficacy in patients with anti-PD-1 naïve (n=33) and anti-PD-1 resistant (n=35) HNSCC treated with NBTXR3/SBRT in combination with nivolumab and pembrolizumab in the phase 1 trial Study 1100Colette Shen1  Jessica Frakes2  Trevor Hackman1  Jiaxin Niu3  Jared Weiss1  Jimmy Caudell2  George Yang2  Tanguy Seiwert4  Paul Chang5  Septimiu Murgu5  Siddharth Sheth1  Shetal Patel1  Kedar Kirtane2  David Rolando6  Pavel Tyan6  Omar I. Vivar6  Zhen Gooi5  Aditya Joolori5  Ari Rosenberg5Nanobiotix Investor CallNanobiotix will host a conference call and webcast featuring Nanobiotix chief executive officer and chairman of the executive board  Laurent Levy  following the poster session on Sunday June 2nd  2024  at 12:00 PM EDT / 6:00 PM CEST.Details for the call are as follows :Audio-only dial-in link: click hereWebcast link: click hereParticipants can use the audio-only link above to register and obtain dial-in instructions to listen to the presentation via phone and ask questions during the Q&A session  or participants can use the webcast link to register and listen and watch the slide presentation online; the replay version will be available under the same webcast link shortly after the presentation and will be archived on the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior to the event start. Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com .1University of North Carolina School of Medicine  Chapel Hill  North Carolina  USA; 2Moffitt Cancer Center  Tampa  Florida  USA; 3Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center  Gilbert  Arizona  USA; 4Johns Hopkins Medicine  Baltimore  Maryland  USA; 5The University of Chicago  Chicago  Illinois  USA; 6Nanobiotix  SA  Paris  FranceAbout NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023  Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024 and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.com Global – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Phase 1 Immunotherapy Program', 'Investor Conference Call', 'new Data', '2024 Annual Meeting', 'American Society', 'Clinical Oncology', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Presentation', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', '3Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'Study 1100 Coordinating Investigator Colette Shen', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'neck squamous cell cancers', 'significant tumor cell death', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'global, randomized Phase 3 study', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'ongoing US Phase 1 study', 'Nanobiotix chief executive officer', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', '2Moffitt Cancer Center', 'ongoing expansion part', 'adaptive immune response', 'dose escalation part', 'other major diseases', 'Omar I. Vivar', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'United States Food', 'phase 1 trial Study', 'Q&A session', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'anti-PD-1 naïve', 'North Carolina School', '4Johns Hopkins Medicine', 'priority development pathways', 'class oncology product', 'poster presentation session', 'same webcast link', 'Nanobiotix Investor Call', 'Clinical Oncology', 'neck cancer', 'poster session', 'executive board', 'collaboration strategy', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'tumor types', 'investor event', 'same population', 'therapeutic combinations', 'anti-PD-1 resistant', 'metastatic head', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '2024 Annual Meeting', 'American Society', '10:00 AM EDT', 'Early signs', 'Jessica Frakes', 'Trevor Hackman', 'Jiaxin Niu', 'Jared Weiss', 'Jimmy Caudell', 'George Yang', 'Tanguy Seiwert', 'Paul Chang', 'Septimiu Murgu', 'Siddharth Sheth', 'Shetal Patel', 'Kedar Kirtane', 'David Rolando', 'Pavel Tyan', 'Zhen Gooi', 'Aditya Joolori', 'Ari Rosenberg5', 'conference call', 'Laurent Levy', 'replay version', 'event start', 'Chapel Hill', '5The University', 'product candidate', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'advanced head', 'Drug Administration', 'radiation therapy', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'focus areas', 'scalable potential', 'New data', 'updated data', 'first data', 'June 2nd', 'slide presentation', 'treatment possibilities', 'physical MoA', 'advanced HNSCC', 'Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'ASCO presentation', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'ASCO 2024', 'patients', 'recurrent', 'PhD', 'Sunday', '12:00 PM', 'results', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'ABSTRACT', 'efficacy', 'NBTXR3/SBRT', 'nivolumab', 'pembrolizumab', 'chairman', 'Details', 'Participants', 'dial', 'instructions', 'phone', 'questions', 'website', 'investors', '1University', 'USA', 'Tampa', 'Florida', 'Gilbert', 'Arizona', 'Baltimore', 'Maryland', 'Chicago', 'Illinois', '6Nanobiotix', 'France', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'NANORAY-3', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'parallel', '6:00', '4:00']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41755,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-Cap-DATA-NOW-to-accommodate-shortened-T-1-securities-settlement-cycle-46842079/,Wolters Kluwer launches Cap DATA NOW to accommodate shortened T+1 securities settlement cycle,(marketscreener.com) SEC mandate poses notable operational and tax-related challenges for securities brokershttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-launches-Cap-DATA-NOW-to-accommodate-shortened-T-1-securities…,SEC mandate poses notable operational and tax-related challenges for securities brokersWolters Kluwer has launched Cap DATA NOW  a solution designed to facilitate straight-through processing of securities trades by automating the complete lifecycle of essential corporate action tax details. The technology is an extension of Wolters Kluwer’s Capital Changes product functionality and is purpose-built to address a new  automation-focused mandate for brokers from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that takes effect May 28  2024.Referred to as T+1  the new mandate shortens the standard settlement cycle for most routine securities trades on U.S. securities exchanges from two business days after the trade date of a securities transaction to one day.T+1 accelerates the need for corporate action resolution and communication across various internal systems because all corporate actions affecting securities need to be processed before any related trades can be settled and includes important tax details.“Tax accuracy is paramount for our customers ” says Chuck Ross  Vice President and Segment Leader  Investment Compliance  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. “The move to a shorter settlement turnaround time as reflected in the T+1 rule presents significant challenges to brokers and requires the kind of nimble  robust automation functionality that Cap DATA NOW provides to help market participants comply.”Exchanges in Canada and Mexico have also adopted this requirement  effective May 27  2024.Ross notes that the T+1 settlement cycle requirement will require brokers to automate operations processes in many respects  including corporate actions and their tax details.Cap DATA NOW provides corporate action taxability information for publicly traded stocks as well as useful early announcement information. Because it is XML structured data  the solution’s output helps brokers process corporate actions tax details quickly in the new T+1 world. Cap DATA NOW reduces brokers’ manual tax processing activities.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business sits within Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division  helping these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528570998/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['shortened T+1 securities settlement cycle', 'Cap DATA NOW', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'essential corporate action tax details', 'brokers’ manual tax processing activities', 'Capital Changes product functionality', 'nimble, robust automation functionality', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'shorter settlement turnaround time', 'useful early announcement information', 'corporate action taxability information', 'corporate actions tax details', 'T+1 settlement cycle requirement', 'U.S. securities exchanges', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'standard settlement cycle', 'corporate action resolution', 'U.S. banks', 'important tax details', 'Cap DATA NOW', 'various internal systems', 'XML structured data', 'deep domain knowledge', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'regulatory compliance obligations', 'new T+1 world', 'new, automation-focused mandate', 'two business days', 'routine securities trades', 'Corporate Compliance', 'straight-through processing', 'Tax accuracy', 'new mandate', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'corporate performance', 'Investment Compliance', 'T+1 rule', 'securities transaction', 'securities firms', 'SEC mandate', 'related trades', 'securities brokers', 'notable operational', 'tax-related challenges', 'complete lifecycle', 'Exchange Commission', 'trade date', 'one day', 'Vice President', 'Segment Leader', 'significant challenges', 'market participants', 'many respects', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'credit unions', 'FCC) division', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Chuck Ross', 'operations processes', 'risk management', 'financial institutions', 'technology', 'extension', 'effect', 'need', 'communication', 'customers', 'move', 'kind', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'stocks', 'output', 'services', 'insurers', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41756,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/wolters-kluwer-launches-cap-data-now-to-accommodate-shortened-t1-securities-settlement-cycle-93CH-3459183,Wolters Kluwer launches Cap DATA NOW to accommodate shortened T+1 securities settlement cycle By Investing.com,Wolters Kluwer launches Cap DATA NOW to accommodate shortened T+1 securities settlement cycle,SEC mandate poses notable operational and tax-related challenges for securities brokersNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer has launched Cap DATA NOW  a solution designed to facilitate straight-through processing of securities trades by automating the complete lifecycle of essential corporate action tax details. The technology is an extension of Wolters Kluwer's Capital Changes product functionality and is purpose-built to address a new  automation-focused mandate for brokers from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that takes effect May 28  2024.Referred to as T+1  the new mandate shortens the standard settlement cycle for most routine securities trades on U.S. securities exchanges from two business days after the trade date of a securities transaction to one day.T+1 accelerates the need for corporate action resolution and communication across various internal systems because all corporate actions affecting securities need to be processed before any related trades can be settled and includes important tax details.Tax accuracy is paramount for our customers  says Chuck Ross  Vice President and Segment Leader  Investment Compliance  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. The move to a shorter settlement turnaround time as reflected in the T+1 rule presents significant challenges to brokers and requires the kind of nimble  robust automation functionality that Cap DATA NOW provides to help market participants comply.Exchanges in Canada and Mexico have also adopted this requirement  effective May 27  2024.Ross notes that the T+1 settlement cycle requirement will require brokers to automate operations processes in many respects  including corporate actions and their tax details.Cap DATA NOW provides corporate action taxability information for publicly traded stocks as well as useful early announcement information. Because it is XML structured data  the solution's output helps brokers process corporate actions tax details quickly in the new T+1 world. Cap DATA NOW reduces brokers' manual tax processing activities.Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions is a market leader and trusted provider of risk management and regulatory compliance solutions and services to U.S. banks  credit unions  insurers and securities firms. The business sits within Wolters Kluwer's Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division  helping these financial institutions efficiently manage risk and regulatory compliance obligations.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528570998/en/David FeiderAssociate Director  External CommunicationsFinancial & Corporate ComplianceWolters KluwerOffice +1 612-246-9454david.feider@wolterskluwer.comSource: Wolters Kluwer,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,True,English,"['shortened T+1 securities settlement cycle', 'Cap DATA NOW', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Investing', 'com', ""brokers' manual tax processing activities"", 'essential corporate action tax details', 'Capital Changes product functionality', 'nimble, robust automation functionality', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'shorter settlement turnaround time', 'useful early announcement information', 'corporate action taxability information', 'T+1 settlement cycle requirement', 'corporate actions tax details', 'U.S. securities exchanges', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'standard settlement cycle', 'corporate action resolution', 'U.S. banks', 'important tax details', 'Cap DATA NOW', 'various internal systems', 'XML structured data', 'deep domain knowledge', 'regulatory compliance solutions', 'regulatory compliance obligations', 'new T+1 world', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'new, automation-focused mandate', 'routine securities trades', 'Corporate Compliance', 'straight-through processing', 'Tax accuracy', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'new mandate', 'corporate performance', 'Investment Compliance', 'NEW YORK', 'T+1 rule', 'securities transaction', 'securities firms', 'SEC mandate', 'related trades', 'securities brokers', 'notable operational', 'tax-related challenges', 'complete lifecycle', 'Exchange Commission', 'trade date', 'one day', 'Vice President', 'Segment Leader', 'significant challenges', 'market participants', 'many respects', 'market leader', 'trusted provider', 'credit unions', 'FCC) division', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Associate Director', 'External Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'two business', 'Chuck Ross', 'operations processes', 'risk management', 'financial institutions', 'source version', 'David Feider', 'technology', 'extension', 'effect', 'need', 'customers', 'move', 'kind', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'stocks', 'output', 'services', 'insurers', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'NASDAQ', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41757,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2888779/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-Marloes-Roetgerink-appointed-as-member-of-the-Executive-Board-of-ForFarmers-N-V.html,ForFarmers N.V.: Marloes Roetgerink appointed as member of the Executive Board of ForFarmers N.V.,Press release        Lochem  28 May 2024           Marloes Roetgerink appointed as member of the Executive Board of ForFarmers N.V.     ForFarmers’......,"Press releaseLochem  28 May 2024Marloes Roetgerink appointed as member of the Executive Board of ForFarmers N.V.ForFarmers’ shareholders today resolved to appoint Mrs Marloes Roetgerink as Executive Board member as per 1 June 2024.This resolution was taken during the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of ForFarmers N.V.  which was held today. Marloes Roetgerink will fulfil the position of Chief Financial Officer. The term of her appointment will start as per 1 June 2024 and will end at the annual general meeting in 2028  when she is eligible for reappointment for a term of 4 years.This press release contains information which qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7  paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For additional information:ForFarmers  Floor van Maaren: floor.vanmaaren@forfarmers.eu or +31 (0)573 28 88 00Company profileForFarmers N.V. (‘ForFarmers’) offers complete feed solutions to the (organic) livestock farming industry. With its mission “For the Future of Farming”  ForFarmers is committed to a future-proof farming business and making the agricultural sector more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to a good return and a robust long-term business model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on the farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open view of the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of approximately 8.4 million tonnes of feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom  and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 400 employees and generated revenue of approximately €3 billion in 2023. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.38,0.38,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'Marloes Roetgerink', 'Executive Board', 'member', 'robust long-term business model', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'organic) livestock farming industry', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'annual general meeting', 'future-proof farming business', 'Floor van Maaren', 'complete feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Mrs Marloes Roetgerink', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'Executive Board member', 'future financial results', 'Press release Lochem', 'business plans', 'Lochem T', 'legal proceedings', 'annual report', 'actual results', 'agricultural sector', 'good return', 'open view', 'sustainable food', '8.4 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'United Kingdom', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'future results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'inside information', 'additional information', 'new information', 'future events', 'Company profile', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'ForFarmers’ shareholders', '28 May', '1 June', 'resolution', 'appointment', '4 years', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'Note', 'editor', 'vanmaaren', 'mission', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'contribution', 'affordable', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'exports', '2,400 employees', 'revenue', 'forfarmersgroup', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41758,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Celebrates-the-Second-Anniversary-of-Electricity-Interconnector-ElecLink-and-Its-Strong-Comm-46836618/,Getlink Celebrates the Second Anniversary of Electricity Interconnector ElecLink and Its Strong Commercial & Technical Success,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Getlink celebrates the second anniversary of ElecLink  its unique electrical interconnector operating within an existing railway infrastructure – the Channel Tunnel – and connecting the national distribution networks i…,"Regulatory News:Getlink (Paris:GET) celebrates the second anniversary of ElecLink  its unique electrical interconnector operating within an existing railway infrastructure – the Channel Tunnel – and connecting the national distribution networks in France (RTE) and the UK (National Grid)  without impact on the marine environment.With a capacity of 1 Gigawatt  the equivalent in electricity consumption of a city the size of Lyon or Birmingham  ElecLink has increased the electricity transfer capacity between the UK and France by 33%. This additional capacity was immediately taken up by the market  demonstrating the strong need covered by this new cross-Channel interconnection.Beyond its commercial success  ElecLink embodies an operational and technical prowess with more than 11.5 TWh of electricity transported since entering service on 25 May 2022 and a remarkable availability rate at above 96%.ElecLink has an exceptionally low environmental impact  using the existing infrastructure of the Fixed Link  with two cables running inside the Channel Tunnel  with no interaction with the marine ecosystem.ElecLink has made a major contribution to balancing energy needs between France and the United Kingdom.Yann Leriche  Getlink CEO said: “30 years ago  the fathers of the Channel Tunnel had already imagined electricity running through the Tunnel between France and the United Kingdom. In only 2 years ElecLink has proven to be a strong commercial success and  through its high reliability and low impact on the environment  a key asset in enhancing the UK and Europe’s energy security.”About ElecLinkElectricity interconnector ElecLink comprises two high-voltage direct current cables with a capacity equivalent to 1GW via the Channel Tunnel  linking electric distribution grids between France (RTE) and the UK (National Grid)  without interaction with marine ecosystems.With a capacity equivalent to the electricity supply of a city of 1.6 million inhabitants (Lyon or Birmingham)  this interconnection enables electricity generated on either side of the Channel to flow between the two countries as and when required  thereby helping to secure energy supplies. This interconnector will increase the two-way electricity exchange capacity between France and the UK by 30% and optimise the distribution of installed generation capacity  including renewable energy sources  across the two countries.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO 2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240527952691/en/",neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Strong Commercial & Technical Success', 'Electricity Interconnector ElecLink', 'Second Anniversary', 'Getlink', 'two high-voltage direct current cables', 'two-way electricity exchange capacity', 'remarkable availability rate', 'environmentally friendly way', 'sustainable mobility services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'electric distribution grids', 'unique land link', 'unique electrical interconnector', 'renewable energy sources', 'existing railway infrastructure', 'new cross-Channel interconnection', 'national distribution networks', 'strong commercial success', 'low environmental impact', 'electricity transfer capacity', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'two cables', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'existing infrastructure', 'two countries', 'strong need', 'low-carbon"" services', 'National Grid', 'Fixed Link', 'vital link', 'low impact', 'energy needs', 'energy security', 'energy supplies', 'electricity consumption', 'electricity supply', 'second anniversary', 'additional capacity', 'technical prowess', 'marine ecosystem', 'major contribution', 'United Kingdom', 'Yann Leriche', 'high reliability', 'key asset', '1.6 million inhabitants', 'generation capacity', 'Euronext Paris', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'Truck Shuttles', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', '102 million vehicles', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', 'Paris:GET', '500 million people', 'marine environment', 'Getlink CEO', 'Getlink SE', 'France', 'RTE', 'UK', '1 Gigawatt', 'equivalent', 'size', 'Lyon', 'Birmingham', 'market', 'operational', '11.5 TWh', '25 May', 'interaction', 'fathers', '2 years', 'Europe', '1GW', 'side', 'cars', 'coaches', 'Folkestone', 'Calais', '31 December', 'trade', 'Continent', 'activities', 'Group', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/28/parallel-advisors-llc-buys-870-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Parallel Advisors LLC Buys 870 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.4% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 37 150…,Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.4% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 37 150 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 870 shares during the quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $5 862 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RSP. Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.2% during the fourth quarter. Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC now owns 5 964 shares of the company’s stock valued at $926 000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 3.8% during the fourth quarter. Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 1 929 shares of the company’s stock valued at $304 000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Seelaus Asset Management LLC grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.7% during the fourth quarter. Seelaus Asset Management LLC now owns 10 608 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 674 000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. YHB Investment Advisors Inc. grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 3.5% during the fourth quarter. YHB Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 2 225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $351 000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Finally  PSI Advisors LLC grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 9.0% during the fourth quarter. PSI Advisors LLC now owns 949 shares of the company’s stock valued at $150 000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of RSP traded down $0.42 during mid-day trading on Tuesday  reaching $165.52. 779 766 shares of the company’s stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 6 168 550. The stock has a market cap of $55.44 billion  a P/E ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $164.93 and its two-hundred day moving average is $159.19. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $169.80.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Parallel Advisors LLC', '870 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC', 'Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Seelaus Asset Management LLC', 'Several other large investors', 'YHB Investment Advisors Inc.', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Parallel Advisors LLC', 'PSI Advisors LLC', '50-day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'daily performance', 'recent SEC filing', 'Free Report', 'average volume', 'email address', 'recent disclosure', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'mid-day trading', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '12 month low', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 870 shares', 'additional 70 shares', 'additional 72 shares', 'additional 75 shares', 'additional 78 shares', '37,150 shares', '5,964 shares', '1,929 shares', '10,608 shares', '2,225 shares', '949 shares', '779,766 shares', 'stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Securities', 'fund', 'company', 'stock', 'holdings', 'Tuesday', 'hands', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,etfdailynews.com
41760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2889215/0/en/Outcome-of-the-2024-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Outcome of the 2024 Shareholders’ Meeting,All resolutions were endorsed by shareholders  Brussels  May 28  2024 - 5.45pm CEST – regulated information  Solvay held its Ordinary General...,"All resolutions were endorsed by shareholdersBrussels  May 28  2024 - 5.45pm CEST – regulated informationSolvay held its Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting in Brussels  and shareholders voted in favor of all the proposed resolutions.Pierre Gurdjian  Chairman of the Board  highlighted Solvay's significant transformation and achievements over the past year  including a solid financial performance despite economic challenges  a focus on sustainability  and the celebration of Solvay's enduring ""spirit of mastery"" as it moves forward with a new strategic vision and governance structure.Philippe Kehren  CEO of Solvay highlighted the Group's strategic priorities centered on technological leadership and cost efficiency. He emphasized Solvay's dedication to safety  employee engagement  and the significant progress made towards achieving carbon neutrality by 2050  while maintaining strong financial performance and consistent dividends.Solvay shareholders showed strong support to all resolutions and more specifically:The payment of a gross dividend of €2.43 per share for the year 2023. After deducting the interim dividend of €1.62 gross per share  paid on 17 January 2024  the balance amounts to €0.81 gross per share  payable from 5 June 2024.The re-election of Ms. Aude Thibaut de Maisières as a board member for a four-year term.The remuneration report.The appointment of EY for the assurance of sustainability information related to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)Details of the votes  along with the presentations by the Chairman and the CEO are now available on Solvay’s website  in the Investors section .Dividend calendarJune 3  2024: Quotation ex-dividendJune 4  2024: Record date (dematerialized shares)June 5  2024: PaymentContactMedia relations Investor relations Peter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336media.relations@solvay.com Boris Cambon-Lalanne+32 471 55 37 49Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint+33 6 74 87 85 65investor.relations@solvay.comAbout SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we use  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.62,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['2024 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Outcome', 'Ms. Aude Thibaut de Maisières', 'Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'Payment Contact Media relations', 'Investor relations Peter Boelaert', 'solid financial performance', 'Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen', 'soda ash process', 'new strategic vision', 'strong financial performance', 'pioneering chemical company', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'strategic priorities', 'strong support', 'essential solutions', 'world-leading company', '5.45pm CEST', 'Pierre Gurdjian', 'significant transformation', 'economic challenges', 'enduring ""spirit', 'governance structure', 'Philippe Kehren', 'technological leadership', 'cost efficiency', 'employee engagement', 'significant progress', 'carbon neutrality', 'consistent dividends', 'four-year term', 'remuneration report', 'Investors section', 'Record date', 'dematerialized shares', 'Kimberly King', 'Boris Cambon-Lalanne', 'Vincent Toussaint', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'net sales', 'gross dividend', 'interim dividend', 'Dividend calendar', 'regulated information', 'sustainability information', 'past year', 'board member', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay shareholders', 'Solvay Solvay', 'resolutions', 'May', 'favor', 'Chairman', 'achievements', 'focus', 'celebration', 'mastery', 'CEO', 'Group', 'dedication', 'safety', '17 January', 'balance', '5 June', 'election', 'The', 'appointment', 'EY', 'assurance', 'CSRD', 'Details', 'votes', 'presentations', 'website', 'Quotation', 'Geoffroy', 'Oultremont', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'fair', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'Attachment', '32', '2050']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLVAY-SA-5966/news/Outcome-of-the-2024-Shareholders-Meeting-46842852/,Outcome of the 2024 Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) All resolutions were endorsed by shareholders Brussels  May 28  2024 - 5.45pm CEST – regulated information Solvay held its Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting in Brussels  and shareholders voted in favor of all the proposed resolutions…,"All resolutions were endorsed by shareholdersBrussels  May 28  2024 - 5.45pm CEST – regulated informationSolvay held its Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting in Brussels  and shareholders voted in favor of all the proposed resolutions.Pierre Gurdjian  Chairman of the Board  highlighted Solvay's significant transformation and achievements over the past year  including a solid financial performance despite economic challenges  a focus on sustainability  and the celebration of Solvay's enduring ""spirit of mastery"" as it moves forward with a new strategic vision and governance structure.Philippe Kehren  CEO of Solvay highlighted the Group's strategic priorities centered on technological leadership and cost efficiency. He emphasized Solvay's dedication to safety  employee engagement  and the significant progress made towards achieving carbon neutrality by 2050  while maintaining strong financial performance and consistent dividends.Solvay shareholders showed strong support to all resolutions and more specifically:The payment of a gross dividend of €2.43 per share for the year 2023. After deducting the interim dividend of €1.62 gross per share  paid on 17 January 2024  the balance amounts to €0.81 gross per share  payable from 5 June 2024.The re-election of Ms. Aude Thibaut de Maisières as a board member for a four-year term.The remuneration report.The appointment of EY for the assurance of sustainability information related to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)Details of the votes  along with the presentations by the Chairman and the CEO are now available on Solvay’s website  in the Investors section .Dividend calendarJune 3  2024: Quotation ex-dividendJune 4  2024: Record date (dematerialized shares)June 5  2024: PaymentContactMedia relations Investor relations Peter Boelaert+32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen+32 484 65 30 47Kimberly King+ 1 470 464 4336media.relations@solvay.com Boris Cambon-Lalanne+32 471 55 37 49Geoffroy d’Oultremont+32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint+33 6 74 87 85 65investor.relations@solvay.comAbout SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of over 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we use  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.9 billion in net sales in 2023  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.62,0.36,0.01,True,English,"[""2024 Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Outcome', 'Ms. Aude Thibaut de Maisières', 'Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive', 'Payment Contact Media relations', 'Investor relations Peter Boelaert', 'solid financial performance', 'Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen', 'soda ash process', 'new strategic vision', 'strong financial performance', 'pioneering chemical company', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'strategic priorities', 'strong support', 'essential solutions', 'world-leading company', '5.45pm CEST', 'Pierre Gurdjian', 'significant transformation', 'economic challenges', 'enduring ""spirit', 'governance structure', 'Philippe Kehren', 'technological leadership', 'cost efficiency', 'employee engagement', 'significant progress', 'carbon neutrality', 'consistent dividends', 'four-year term', 'remuneration report', 'Investors section', 'Record date', 'dematerialized shares', 'Kimberly King', 'Boris Cambon-Lalanne', 'Vincent Toussaint', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'net sales', 'gross dividend', 'interim dividend', 'Dividend calendar', 'regulated information', 'sustainability information', 'past year', 'board member', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay shareholders', 'Solvay Solvay', 'resolutions', 'May', 'favor', 'Chairman', 'achievements', 'focus', 'celebration', 'mastery', 'CEO', 'Group', 'dedication', 'safety', '17 January', 'balance', '5 June', 'election', 'The', 'appointment', 'EY', 'assurance', 'CSRD', 'Details', 'votes', 'presentations', 'website', 'Quotation', 'Geoffroy', 'Oultremont', 'legacy', 'workforce', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'fair', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'Attachment', '32', '2050']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/28/coldstream-capital-management-inc-trims-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Trims Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Coldstream Capital Management Inc. reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 8.1% in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1 358 shares of the company’s stock after sel…,Coldstream Capital Management Inc. reduced its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 8.1% in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1 358 shares of the company’s stock after selling 119 shares during the period. Coldstream Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $214 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Partnership Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the 4th quarter valued at about $25 000. Howe & Rusling Inc. purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $38 000. GAMMA Investing LLC purchased a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $38 000. Finally  SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. raised its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.5% during the 4th quarter. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. now owns 303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48 000 after acquiring an additional 103 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.7 %RSP opened at $165.94 on Tuesday. The business has a 50 day moving average price of $164.93 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $159.19. The company has a market cap of $55.58 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $169.80.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.49,0.49,0.02,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Coldstream Capital Management Inc.', 'Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day moving average price', '50 day moving average price', 'Partnership Wealth Management LLC', 'SOA Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Coldstream Capital Management Inc.', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'Other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'other hedge funds', 'Rusling Inc.', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'capitalization-weighted index', '4th quarter', 'recent filing', 'recent quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'new stake', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 103 shares', '1,358 shares', '119 shares', '303 shares', 'position', 'SEC', 'period', 'holdings', 'end', 'changes', 'Howe', 'Tuesday', 'business', 'beta', '52 week', 'transportation']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,etfdailynews.com
41763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/getlink-celebrates-the-second-anniversary-of-electricity-interconnector-eleclink-and-its-strong-commercial--technical-success-93CH-3458055,Getlink Celebrates the Second Anniversary of Electricity Interconnector ElecLink and Its Strong Commercial & Technical Success By Investing.com,Getlink Celebrates the Second Anniversary of Electricity Interconnector ElecLink and Its Strong Commercial & Technical Success,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Getlink (Paris:GET) celebrates the second anniversary of ElecLink  its unique electrical interconnector operating within an existing railway infrastructure “ the Channel Tunnel “ and connecting the national distribution networks in France (RTE) and the UK ( National Grid (LON: ))  without impact on the marine environment.With a capacity of 1 Gigawatt  the equivalent in electricity consumption of a city the size of Lyon or Birmingham  ElecLink has increased the electricity transfer capacity between the UK and France by 33%. This additional capacity was immediately taken up by the market  demonstrating the strong need covered by this new cross-Channel interconnection.Beyond its commercial success  ElecLink embodies an operational and technical prowess with more than 11.5 TWh of electricity transported since entering service on 25 May 2022 and a remarkable availability rate at above 96%.ElecLink has an exceptionally low environmental impact  using the existing infrastructure of the Fixed Link  with two cables running inside the Channel Tunnel  with no interaction with the marine ecosystem.ElecLink has made a major contribution to balancing energy needs between France and the United Kingdom.Yann Leriche  Getlink CEO said: 30 years ago  the fathers of the Channel Tunnel had already imagined electricity running through the Tunnel between France and the United Kingdom. In only 2 years ElecLink has proven to be a strong commercial success and  through its high reliability and low impact on the environment  a key asset in enhancing the UK and Europe's energy security.About ElecLinkElectricity interconnector ElecLink comprises two high-voltage direct current cables with a capacity equivalent to 1GW via the Channel Tunnel  linking electric distribution grids between France (RTE) and the UK (National Grid)  without interaction with marine ecosystems.With a capacity equivalent to the electricity supply of a city of 1.6 million inhabitants (Lyon or Birmingham)  this interconnection enables electricity generated on either side of the Channel to flow between the two countries as and when required  thereby helping to secure energy supplies. This interconnector will increase the two-way electricity exchange capacity between France and the UK by 30% and optimise the distribution of installed generation capacity  including renewable energy sources  across the two countries.About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET)  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  is the concession holder until 2086 for the Channel Tunnel infrastructure and operates Truck Shuttles and Passenger Shuttles (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border to ensure that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since it opened in 1994  close to 500 million people and more than 102 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which carries a quarter of trade between the Continent and the United Kingdom  has become a vital link  reinforced by the ElecLink electricity interconnector installed in the Tunnel  which helps to balance energy needs between France and the United Kingdom. Getlink completes its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to ""low-carbon"" services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities  the Group avoids the equivalent of 1.9 million tonnes of CO2 per year)  Getlink has made the place of people  nature and territories a central concern.https://www.getlinkgroup.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240527952691/en/Press contacts:Anne-Sophie de Faucigny: +33 (0)6.46.01.52.86Laurence Bault: +33 (0)6.83.61.89.96Analyst and investor contacts:Virginie Rousseau:+33(0)6.77.41.03.39Source: GETLINK SE",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Electricity Interconnector ElecLink', 'Second Anniversary', 'Strong Commercial', 'Technical Success', 'Getlink', 'Investing', 'two high-voltage direct current cables', 'two-way electricity exchange capacity', 'remarkable availability rate', 'environmentally friendly way', 'Anne-Sophie de Faucigny', 'sustainable mobility services', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'electric distribution grids', 'unique land link', 'unique electrical interconnector', 'renewable energy sources', 'existing railway infrastructure', 'new cross-Channel interconnection', 'national distribution networks', 'strong commercial success', 'low environmental impact', 'electricity transfer capacity', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'two cables', 'ElecLink electricity interconnector', 'existing infrastructure', 'two countries', 'strong need', 'low-carbon"" services', 'National Grid', 'Fixed Link', 'vital link', 'low impact', 'energy needs', 'energy security', 'energy supplies', 'electricity consumption', 'electricity supply', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'second anniversary', 'additional capacity', 'technical prowess', 'marine ecosystem', 'major contribution', 'United Kingdom', 'Yann Leriche', 'high reliability', 'key asset', '1.6 million inhabitants', 'generation capacity', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'concession holder', 'Truck Shuttles', 'Passenger Shuttles', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', '102 million vehicles', '1.9 million tonnes', 'central concern', 'Press contacts', 'Laurence Bault', 'investor contacts', 'Virginie Rousseau', 'Regulatory News', '500 million people', 'source version', 'Getlink CEO', 'Getlink SE', 'marine environment', 'Euronext Paris', 'France', 'RTE', 'UK', 'LON', '1 Gigawatt', 'equivalent', 'size', 'Lyon', 'Birmingham', 'market', 'operational', '11.5 TWh', '25 May', 'interaction', 'fathers', '2 years', 'Europe', '1GW', 'side', 'cars', 'coaches', 'Folkestone', 'Calais', '31 December', 'trade', 'Continent', 'activities', 'Group', 'CO2', 'place', 'nature', 'territories', 'businesswire', 'Analyst']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/28/trinitypoint-wealth-llc-has-891000-stock-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,TrinityPoint Wealth LLC Has $891 000 Stock Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),TrinityPoint Wealth LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.9% during the 4th quarter  Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5 647 shares of the company’s stock after buying…,TrinityPoint Wealth LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.9% during the 4th quarter  Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5 647 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. TrinityPoint Wealth LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $891 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of RSP. Partnership Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at $25 000. Howe & Rusling Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at $26 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter valued at $38 000. GAMMA Investing LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter valued at $38 000. Finally  SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.5% during the fourth quarter. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. now owns 303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48 000 after buying an additional 103 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.7 %NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $165.94 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $55.58 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1-year low of $133.34 and a 1-year high of $169.80. The business’s fifty day moving average price is $164.93 and its 200 day moving average price is $159.19.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'TrinityPoint Wealth LLC', '$891,000 Stock Holdings', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'Several other large investors', 'Partnership Wealth Management LLC', 'SOA Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'TrinityPoint Wealth LLC', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'recent SEC filing', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'Rusling Inc.', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', '4th quarter', 'institutional investor', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'financial companies', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'new position', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'Holdings Channel', 'additional 210 shares', 'additional 103 shares', '5,647 shares', '303 shares', 'company', 'stock', 'period', 'Howe', 'Tuesday', 'firm', 'beta', 'business', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,etfdailynews.com
41765,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-FlytEDGE-Digitally-Remasters-the-inflight-Entertainment-Experience-46839204/,Thales' FlytEDGE Digitally Remasters the inflight Entertainment Experience,(marketscreener.com) Thales unveils FlytEDGE  a revolutionary connected cloud-based inflight entertainment system that will transform passenger engagement to the extraordinary. FlytEDGE is not like a traditional IFE system — with a sleek architecture  cuttin…,Thales unveils FlytEDGE  a revolutionary connected cloud-based inflight entertainment system that will transform passenger engagement to the extraordinary. FlytEDGE is not like a traditional IFE system — with a sleek architecture  cutting-edge features  and unparalleled performance it enables airlines to stand out by bringing the ‘cool’ factor to each seat  offering fully-tailored passenger interactions:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528532879/en/(Photo: Thales)Live personalization for a journey filled with unique experiencesInstantly stream favorites and never miss a beat  continue watching on all flightsImmense volume of content to immerse passengers in a world of entertainment choicesCreating personalized experiencesPersonalization is at the heart of FlytEDGE. Every passenger is one-of-a-kind and the system empowers airlines to recommend experiences tailored to each person's preferences. FlytEDGE is a true engagement platform offering boundless opportunities for connected and custom journeys. FlytEDGE delivers ‘just-for-you’ experiences never seen before. The system intelligently recommends content across domains  with an individually tailored and immersive entertainment experience.Delivering the future of entertainment to each passengerFlytEDGE is the IFEC industry’s first solution to feature edge caching. Passengers can now instantly stream their favorite entertainment using their personal video subscriptions and continue watching their favorite shows from the ground to the air and across flights.Leveraging a state-of-the-art connected cloud architecture  the system breaks through barriers providing airlines with unparalleled flexibility to rapidly bring in any web-based service.Top game providers for interactive options that will captivate from take-off to touch downVideo streamers that go beyond the blockbuster to bring infinite bingeable choices to passengersWith FlytEDGE airlines can integrate partners at the speed of consumer technology to create exhilarating experiences at the forefront of inflight entertainment.Thales’ FlytEDGE solution features the best consumer technologies on the market. The system boasts cinematic 4K QLED HDR seatback displays to immerse passengers with over 1 billon vibrant colors and two Bluetooth® connections so passengers can pair their personal wireless devices. The system broadcasts the same user interface onboard for all devices- phones  tablets and seatback screens. With Thales’ Crystal Cabin® award-winning power solution delivering high-speed charging at each seat to any passenger device  everyone arrives at their destination recharged  entertained  and relaxed.Value for airline customersFlytEDGE features the Crystal Cabin® award-winning Onboard Data Center (ODC) with 96TB of storage to enable on-board edge caching  this solution reduces connectivity consumption and ensures bandwidth is available for other inflight services. No matter how many people watch the same content  each title streams once to the aircraft allowing passengers to instantly access endless entertainment.The ODC takes the IFE system performance to new heights.Replaces the traditional multi-server network with an effective and compact blade architectureSimplifies upgradeability path with easy blade swapsEnsures the highest system availabilityFlytEDGE goes beyond the hardware by redefining software and content updates to reduce cost and lead-time.Exceptional Efficiency – Remote operations with virtual labs for anywhere  anytime updatesSuperior Performance – Real-time system monitoring and automated maintenance tasksScalable and Evolving – Continuous integration of new services for a system that is always growing at the speed of consumer technologiesFlytEDGE is already flying! We’re just at the beginning of what’s possible with a fully connected cloud platform. FlytEDGE’s game-changing features and intuitive functionality sets it light-years ahead of the competition. Bringing Thales’ FlytEDGE technology to the airline industry means an in-flight experience that is as eagerly awaited as the destination itself  and there’s so much more to look forward to. It is time to embrace the EDGE.“At Thales we’re always at the forefront of innovation  investing in digital technologies  and working with our partners to redefine the inflight experience. We’re delighted to bring FlytEDGE’s state-of-the-art capabilities to our airline customers to create memorable and fully-tailored passenger interactions.” said Yannick Assouad  Executive Vice-President Avionics  Thales. “FlytEDGE is the first connected cloud-based IFE to introduce ground-breaking new experiences with a true engagement platform offering boundless opportunities for unique journeys. Stay tuned for more exciting news as the system is set to premier on a leading global airline.”About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Cybersecurity and Digital Identity. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G.Thales has 81 000* employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion.* These figures exclude the ground transportation business  which is being divestedPLEASE VISITThales GroupThales InFlyt ExperienceX @ThalesgroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528532879/en/,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['inflight Entertainment Experience', 'Thales', 'FlytEDGE', 'Crystal Cabin® award-winning Onboard Data Center', 'cinematic 4K QLED HDR seatback displays', 'Thales’ Crystal Cabin® award-winning power solution', 'revolutionary connected cloud-based inflight entertainment system', 'connected cloud-based IFE', 'Top game providers', '1 billon vibrant colors', 'two Bluetooth® connections', 'personal wireless devices', 'traditional multi-server network', 'easy blade swaps', 'automated maintenance tasks', 'Executive Vice-President Avionics', 'compact blade architecture', 'personal video subscriptions', 'infinite bingeable choices', 'same user interface', 'other inflight services', 'connected cloud architecture', 'true engagement platform', 'traditional IFE system', 'highest system availability', 'Real-time system monitoring', 'immersive entertainment experience', 'leading global airline', 'best consumer technologies', 'IFE system performance', 'ground-breaking new experiences', 'Thales’ FlytEDGE solution', 'tailored passenger interactions', 'seatback screens', 'Thales’ FlytEDGE technology', 'inflight experience', 'cloud platform', 'first solution', 'entertainment choices', 'consumer technology', 'new services', 'sleek architecture', 'passenger engagement', 'Video streamers', 'global leader', 'favorite entertainment', 'endless entertainment', 'unparalleled performance', 'new heights', 'Superior Performance', 'airline customers', 'airline industry', 'digital technologies', 'advanced technologies', 'cutting-edge features', 'cool’ factor', 'press release', 'full release', 'Immense volume', 'boundless opportunities', 'custom journeys', 'IFEC industry', 'favorite shows', 'unparalleled flexibility', 'web-based service', 'interactive options', 'high-speed charging', 'connectivity consumption', 'many people', 'same content', 'upgradeability path', 'Exceptional Efficiency', 'Remote operations', 'virtual labs', 'Continuous integration', 'game-changing features', 'intuitive functionality', 'Yannick Assouad', 'unique journeys', 'Euronext Paris', 'unique experiences', 'personalized experiences', 'exhilarating experiences', 'passenger device', 'edge caching', 'Live personalization', 'The ODC', 'content updates', 'exciting news', 'three domains', 'FlytEDGE airlines', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Photo', 'favorites', 'beat', 'flights', 'passengers', 'world', 'heart', 'kind', 'preferences', 'future', 'state', 'barriers', 'off', 'blockbuster', 'partners', 'forefront', 'market', 'phones', 'tablets', 'everyone', 'destination', 'Value', '96TB', 'storage', 'bandwidth', 'title', 'aircraft', 'effective', 'hardware', 'software', 'cost', 'lead-time', 'beginning', 'competition', 'innovation', 'capabilities', 'memorable', 'Defence', 'Security', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'Cybersecur']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41766,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PERNOD-RICARD-4681/news/Pernod-Ricard-Partners-With-EcoSPIRITS-for-Global-Expansion-of-Circular-Spirits-Distribution-46842754/,Pernod Ricard Partners With EcoSPIRITS for Global Expansion of Circular Spirits Distribution,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Press Release – Paris  28 May 2024Pernod Ricard and ecoSPIRITS today announce entering a new stage in their relationship with a five-year global licensing agreement to enable the distribution of Pernod Ricard’s spir…,Regulatory News:Press Release – Paris  28 May 2024Pernod Ricard (Paris:RI) and ecoSPIRITS today announce entering a new stage in their relationship with a five-year global licensing agreement to enable the distribution of Pernod Ricard’s spirits brands in ecoSPIRITS’ circular packaging technology to on-trade venues around the world. This collaboration  which builds on the learnings of a pilot in Singapore late 2022  aims to further promote circularity in the spirits industry  a core priority of Pernod Ricard’s 2030 Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap ‘Good Times from a Good Place’.With ecoSPIRITS  the products are transported in bulk and delivered to hospitality venues in a fully reusable 4.5-litre glass ecoTOTE™ container  thus reducing waste and carbon emissions resulting from the production and transportation of bottles and other secondary packaging.The relationship between the two companies began with a pilot programme in Singapore where Pernod Ricard deployed ecoSPIRITS' closed loop packaging technology with several of its iconic brands. This pilot was instrumental in identifying the practical challenges and opportunities of circular distribution  providing Pernod Ricard with invaluable insights into operational  technological  and sustainability aspects critical for scaling up circular packaging solutions. The pilot in Singapore was then followed by a first local market deployment under the new global agreement  with the introduction of a closed loop system for Havana Club rum in the brand’s home market of Cuba. The new system has been consolidated at an industrial level  with a dedicated ecoPLANT™ at Havana Club’s distillery in San José de las Lajas. The initiative in Cuba anticipates concrete outcomes  including reduced bottle imports and glass waste  which will translate into an 88% reduction of the carbon emissions footprint related to premium spirits packaging and distribution and a reduction of glass waste by 99%.For Maria Pia De Caro  EVP Integrated Operations and Sustainability at Pernod Ricard  “This next step in our partnership with ecoSPIRITS reflects our belief in the transformative power of this solution to enhance operational efficiency and reduce not only our environmental footprint  but the impact of our industry at large. We are excited to continue working together to refine  scale and champion ecoSPIRITS as the future of wine and spirits distribution.”As part of the original pilot project  three of Pernod Ricard’s spirits brands – Beefeater London Dry gin  Havana Club rum and Absolut vodka – were successfully deployed in ecoTOTE™ format and dispensed in venues using co-branded SmartPour™ technology. These brands will now be introduced to new markets under the new global agreement  with additional brands from the Group’s portfolio to be added over time. Pernod Ricard’s partnership with ecoSPIRITS is aligned with the Group’s Sustainability & Responsibility roadmap  which includes a ‘Circular Making’ pillar  encouraging circularity at every step of production and distribution.Paul Gabie  CEO of ecoSPIRITS  said: “Pernod Ricard and ecoSPIRITS have been working together for almost three years now to make circularity a reality in the spirits industry. This new global agreement builds on that journey  and our combined expertise  to bring circular packaging to more Pernod Ricard markets around the world. We are inspired by Pernod Ricard’s commitment to Circular Making and look forward to working even more closely with their brands and market teams.”About Pernod RicardPernod Ricard is a worldwide leader in the spirits and wine industry  blending traditional craftsmanship  state-of-the-art brand-building  and global distribution technologies. Our prestigious portfolio of premium to luxury brands includes Absolut vodka  Ricard pastis  Ballantine’s  Chivas Regal  Royal Salute  and The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies  Jameson Irish whiskey  Martell cognac  Havana Club rum  Beefeater gin  Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier-Jouët champagnes. Our mission is to ensure the long-term development of our brands with full respect for people and the environment  while empowering our employees around the world to be ambassadors of our purposeful  inclusive  and responsible culture of authentic conviviality. Pernod Ricard’s consolidated sales amounted to €12 137 million in fiscal year FY23.Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the CAC 40 and Eurostoxx 50 indices.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528204355/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Pernod Ricard Partners', 'Circular Spirits Distribution', 'Global Expansion', 'EcoSPIRITS', 'reusable 4.5-litre glass ecoTOTE™ container', ""ecoSPIRITS' closed loop packaging technology"", 'Maria Pia De Caro', 'The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies', 'five-year global licensing agreement', 'first local market deployment', 'Beefeater London Dry gin', 'ecoSPIRITS’ circular packaging technology', 'closed loop system', 'other secondary packaging', 'EVP Integrated Operations', 'Jameson Irish whiskey', 'Perrier-Jouët champagnes', 'new global agreement', 'circular packaging solutions', 'Havana Club rum', 'Circular Making’ pillar', 'global distribution technologies', 'original pilot project', 'carbon emissions footprint', 'Pernod Ricard markets', 'Beefeater gin', 'SmartPour™ technology', 'ecoTOTE™ format', 'new system', 'new markets', 'glass waste', 'new stage', 'environmental footprint', 'home market', 'circular distribution', 'Ricard pastis', 'Regulatory News', 'Press Release', 'core priority', 'Responsibility roadmap', 'Good Times', 'Good Place', 'two companies', 'practical challenges', 'invaluable insights', 'industrial level', 'San José', 'las Lajas', 'concrete outcomes', 'bottle imports', 'transformative power', 'operational efficiency', 'Absolut vodka', 'Paul Gabie', 'three years', 'worldwide leader', 'traditional craftsmanship', 'art brand-building', 'Chivas Regal', 'Royal Salute', 'Martell cognac', 'Malibu liqueur', 'long-term development', 'full respect', 'responsible culture', 'authentic conviviality', 'consolidated sales', 'fiscal year', 'ISIN Code', 'Eurostoxx 50 indices', 'source version', 'trade venues', 'hospitality venues', 'iconic brands', 'additional brands', 'luxury brands', 'spirits industry', 'pilot programme', 'spirits distribution', 'next step', 'prestigious portfolio', 'spirits brands', 'premium spirits', 'sustainability aspects', 'wine industry', 'Paris:RI', '28 May', 'relationship', 'collaboration', 'learnings', 'Singapore', 'circularity', 'products', 'bulk', 'production', 'transportation', 'bottles', 'opportunities', 'critical', 'introduction', 'Cuba', 'dedicated', 'ecoPLANT™', 'distillery', 'initiative', '88% reduction', 'partnership', 'belief', 'impact', 'scale', 'future', 'Group', 'CEO', 'reality', 'journey', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'teams', 'Ballantine', 'Mumm', 'people', 'employees', 'ambassadors', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'CAC 40', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41767,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEGRAND-16719/news/ZPE-Systems-Unveils-IT-Resilience-Products-at-Cisco-Live-Including-Solution-to-Protect-AI-Investmen-46844221/,ZPE Systems Unveils IT Resilience Products at Cisco Live  Including Solution to Protect AI Investments,(marketscreener.com) Budget-friendly console server product and dual-CPU NVIDIA platform help organizations protect their infrastructure and AI investments.FREMONT  Calif.  May 28  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- ZPE Systems  a leader in network infrastructure and ma…,"Budget-friendly console server product and dual-CPU NVIDIA platform help organizations protect their infrastructure and AI investments.FREMONT  Calif.  May 28  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- ZPE Systems  a leader in network infrastructure and management solutions that is now part of Legrand  launches two new products at Cisco Live Las Vegas: the Nodegrid Serial Console Core Edition and the Nodegrid Gate SR platform with embedded NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano™ module. These innovative products will empower organizations to better protect their vital IT infrastructure and NVIDIA AI investments from the growing risks of cyber-attacks.The Nodegrid Serial Console Core Edition is a cost-effective third generation console server that resolves the vulnerabilities left by legacy console servers. It leverages drop-in Isolated Management Infrastructure (IMI) to fully separate management traffic from production networks. The creation of a separate management network provides physical and logical isolation from unauthorized users and cyber threats.""The first step in cybersecurity resiliency is proper IT hygiene  starting with the right architecture to remove anxiety from automated patching and recovery "" said Koroush Saraf  VP of Products and Marketing at ZPE Systems. ""The Core Edition simplifies IMI  providing secure  isolated management access from any branch office or remote location via any LAN or WAN link type  including cellular connections. This gives customers a safe environment for patching or configuration rollback even during an outage or cyberattack.""Though IMI has been used primarily by hyperscalers and big tech brands  the Core Edition enables businesses of all sizes to build their own IMI networks and reap the benefits of a layered security approach at an affordable price.""With the NSCP Core Edition  our goal is to make big tech's resilience practices accessible and affordable for all organizations "" emphasizes Arnaldo Zimmermann  Cofounder of ZPE and VP/GM at Legrand. ""Now  anyone can drop in our Gen 3 console server  create their IMI  and close those vulnerabilities created by their outdated devices.""ZPE is also releasing the Nodegrid Gate SR with embedded Jetson module. This new platform internally hosts the NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano™ module  serving as an out-of-band device for initial bring-up  patching  and upgrading when running NVIDIA workloads. ZPE's Gate SR with embedded Jetson module offers a dual-CPU platform that uses the same IMI concept for provisioning AI workloads via out-of-band path and allows customers to deploy  manage  and upgrade remotely via ZPE Cloud. This new Nodegrid platform enables organizations to improve industrial floor safety  campus security  and manufacturing quality control  by deploying 3rd party computer vision software at the edge. Organizations can now add resilience and recovery to the fleet of their NVIDIA AI workloads with ZPE embedded or external AI hardware devices.To learn more  visit the ZPE website or meet with them in booth 5581 at Cisco Live.About ZPE SystemsZPE Systems -- recently acquired by Legrand -- provides the most secure serial console out-of-band management solutions that support infrastructure reliability and holistic security for medium to large enterprises and digital service providers. Six of the top 10 global tech giants trust ZPE Systems' Cybersecurity Delivery Platform to host 3rd party VM's and Docker containers to automated Zero-day Infrastructure Patching and Ransomware Recovery & Remediation for Datacenter  Edge  OT  and MSPs. ZPE Systems solutions eliminate human error and allow IT to easily manage  secure  and scale a resilient infrastructure with Intel-based serial consoles  services routers  sensors  zero-touch zero-trust provisioning and cloud-managed out-of-band automation. For more information  visit www.zpesystems.com .About Legrand and Legrand  North and Central America:Legrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for commercial  industrial  and residential markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide. The Group harnesses technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live  work and meet with electrical  digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple  innovative and sustainable. Drawing on an approach that involves all teams and stakeholders  Legrand is pursuing its strategy of profitable and responsible growth driven by acquisitions and innovation  with a steady flow of new offerings—including products with enhanced value in use (faster expanding segments: data centers  connected offerings and energy efficiency programs). Legrand reported sales of €8.0 billion in 2022. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is notably a component stock of the CAC 40 and CAC 40 ESG indexes. (code ISIN FR0010307819). https://www.legrand.us/Media Contact:Jaymie Scotto & Associates (JSA)jsa_legrand@jsa.netView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zpe-systems-unveils-it-resilience-products-at-cisco-live-including-solution-to-protect-ai-investments-302157058.htmlSOURCE ZPE Systems",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['IT Resilience Products', 'ZPE Systems', 'Cisco Live', 'AI Investments', 'Solution', 'The Nodegrid Serial Console Core Edition', 'cost-effective third generation console server', '3rd party computer vision software', 'NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano™ module', ""ZPE Systems' Cybersecurity Delivery Platform"", 'Budget-friendly console server product', 'Cisco Live Las Vegas', 'top 10 global tech giants', 'secure, isolated management access', 'external AI hardware devices', 'Nodegrid Gate SR platform', 'secure serial console', 'The Core Edition', 'Gen 3 console server', '3rd party VM', 'NSCP Core Edition', 'Intel-based serial consoles', 'legacy console servers', 'new Nodegrid platform', 'dual-CPU NVIDIA platform', 'WAN link type', 'industrial floor safety', 'manufacturing quality control', 'digital service providers', 'zero-touch zero-trust provisioning', 'digital building infrastructures', 'faster expanding segments', 'energy efficiency programs', 'NVIDIA AI investments', 'NVIDIA AI workloads', 'Isolated Management Infrastructure', 'big tech brands', 'separate management network', 'proper IT hygiene', 'electrical, digital infrastructures', 'CAC 40 ESG indexes', 'vital IT infrastructure', 'same IMI concept', 'layered security approach', 'band management solutions', 'two new products', 'Zero-day Infrastructure Patching', 'Jetson module', 'ZPE Systems solutions', 'NVIDIA workloads', 'new platform', 'dual-CPU platform', 'The Group', 'cybersecurity resiliency', 'outdated devices', 'global specialist', 'management traffic', 'network infrastructure', 'new offerings', 'campus security', 'holistic security', 'infrastructure reliability', 'resilient infrastructure', 'band device', 'band path', 'band automation', 'connected solutions', 'growing risks', 'production networks', 'logical isolation', 'unauthorized users', 'cyber threats', 'first step', 'right architecture', 'Koroush Saraf', 'branch office', 'remote location', 'cellular connections', 'safe environment', 'configuration rollback', 'affordable price', 'Arnaldo Zimmermann', 'initial bring-up', 'ZPE Cloud', 'ZPE website', 'medium to', 'large enterprises', 'Docker containers', 'human error', 'services routers', 'Central America', 'comprehensive offering', 'residential markets', 'societal trends', 'lasting impacts', 'responsible growth', 'steady flow', 'enhanced value', 'data centers', 'connected offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'component stock', 'code ISIN', 'Media Contact', 'Jaymie Scotto', 'original content', 'innovative products', 'automated patching', 'IMI networks', 'resilience practices', 'Ransomware Recovery', 'organizations', 'FREMONT', 'Calif.', 'PRNewswire', 'leader', 'Legrand', 'cyber-attacks', 'vulnerabilities', 'creation', 'physical', 'anxiety', 'VP', 'Marketing', 'LAN', 'customers', 'outage', 'cyberattack', 'hyperscalers', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'benefits', 'goal', 'Cofounder', 'embedded', 'edge', 'fleet', 'booth', 'Remediation', 'Datacenter', 'MSPs', 'sensors', 'information', 'zpesystems', 'North', 'benchmark', 'technological', 'buildings', 'purpose', 'life', 'spaces', 'people', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'strategy', 'profitable', 'acquisitions', 'innovation', 'sales', 'company', 'Associates', 'JSA', 'multimedia']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41768,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/28/762-shares-in-public-storage-nysepsa-purchased-by-dynamic-technology-lab-private-ltd/,762 Shares in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Purchased by Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd,Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund bought 762 shares of the real estate investment tru…,Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 4th quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund bought 762 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $232 000.Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of PSA. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 16.1% in the 3rd quarter. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC now owns 9 741 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 567 000 after purchasing an additional 1 349 shares during the period. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 8.0% in the 3rd quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company now owns 123 852 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $32 638 000 after purchasing an additional 9 223 shares during the period. Raymond James & Associates boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 4.3% in the 4th quarter. Raymond James & Associates now owns 114 482 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 917 000 after purchasing an additional 4 695 shares during the period. Ellsworth Advisors LLC boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 615.7% in the 4th quarter. Ellsworth Advisors LLC now owns 19 803 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6 040 000 after purchasing an additional 17 036 shares during the period. Finally  Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 8.3% in the 4th quarter. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich now owns 163 191 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $49 773 000 after purchasing an additional 12 574 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $272.39 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $47.87 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.74  a PEG ratio of 3.80 and a beta of 0.57. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59  a current ratio of 0.54 and a quick ratio of 0.54. The firm has a 50 day simple moving average of $274.71 and a 200 day simple moving average of $279.69. Public Storage has a one year low of $233.18 and a one year high of $312.25.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementInsider Activity at Public StorageThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Investors of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.41%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday  June 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 108.99%.In related news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday  May 14th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the purchase  the director now directly owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at $599 485.04. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 11.10% of the stock is owned by insiders.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of research firms have issued reports on PSA. BMO Capital Markets boosted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Barclays cut their price target on shares of Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday  May 20th. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a report on Friday  April 5th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $304.75.Check Out Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd', 'Public Storage', '762 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd', 'The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company', 'Public Storage Public Storage Company Profile', 'real estate investment trust', 'Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC', '50 day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Ellsworth Advisors LLC', 'Bank Julius Baer', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Public Storage alerts', 'equal weight” rating', 'other institutional investors', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'average price target', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Co. Ltd', '$330.00 price target', '$250.00 price target', 'One analyst', 'market cap', 'price objective', 'Moderate Buy', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'new position', '4th quarter', 'recent disclosure', '3rd quarter', 'Raymond James', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'Insider Activity', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'related news', 'total value', 'legal filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'research firms', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', '35% common equi', 'one year', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'May 20th', 'United States', 'additional 1,349 shares', 'additional 9,223 shares', 'additional 4,695 shares', 'additional 17,036 shares', 'additional 12,574 shares', 'Free Report', 'Latest Report', 'NYSE:PSA', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '762 shares', '9,741 shares', '123,852 shares', '114,482 shares', '19,803 shares', '163,191 shares', '2,149 shares', 'PSA.', 'SEC', 'stock', 'holdings', 'period', 'Associates', 'Zurich', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'debt', 'business', 'Thursday', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'transaction', 'purchase', 'hyperlink', 'insiders', 'number', 'reports', 'March', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'coverage', 'January', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,etfdailynews.com
41769,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/azelis-group-nv-transparency-notification-93CH-3459374,Azelis Group NV: Transparency notification By Investing.com,Azelis Group NV:  Transparency notification,ANTWERP  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:In accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Transparency law of May 2  2007  Azelis Group NV (the Company) (Brussels:AZE) announces that it has received the following transparency notification on May 27  2024:Transparency notification from EQT (ST: ) VIII Fund1. Summary of the notificationEQT VIII Fund reported in a notification dated May 24  2024  that on May 21  2024  following a disposal of voting securities  their shareholding decreased and crossed downwards the threshold of 40.00% in Azelis Group NV.On May 21  2024  EQT VIII Fund (taking into account the holding of its affiliates) owned 88 119 809 shares with voting rights  representing 36.13% of the total number of shares issued by the Company (243 921 719)  versus 116 899 284 shares representing 49.99% in their previous notification dated January 31  2023.2. Content of the notificationReason for the notificationAcquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification byA parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirementName Address (for legal entities) EQT VIII Collect SCSp 51A Boulevard Royal  2449 Luxembourg - Luxembourg EQT VIII SCSp 51A Boulevard Royal  2449 Luxembourg - Luxembourg EQT VIII Investments S. Ã r. l. 51A Boulevard Royal  2449 Luxembourg - Luxembourg Akita I S. Ã r. l. 51A Boulevard Royal  2449 Luxembourg - LuxembourgDate on which the threshold is crossedMay 21  2024Threshold that is crossed (in %)40%Denominator243 921 719Notified DetailsA) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # voting rights # voting rights % voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to securities Linked to securities Not linked to securities EQT VIII Collect SCSp 0 0 0 0.00% EQT VIII SCSp 0 0 0 0.00% Akita I S. Ã r. l. 116 899 284 88 119 809 0 36.13% Subtotal 116 899 284 88 119 809 0 36.13% TOTAL 88 119 809 0 36.13% 0.00%B) Equivalent financial instruments After the transaction Holders of equivalent financial instruments Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise period or date # voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised % voting rights Settlement 0 00% TOTAL 0 00%TOTAL (A & B) # of voting rights % of voting rights CALCULATE 88 119 809 36.13%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held  if applicableAkita I S. Ã r. l. is controlled by EQT VIII Investments S. Ã r. l. that is controlled by EQT VIII SCSp. EQT VIII SCSp is controlled by EQT VIII Collect SCSp. EQT VIII Collect SCSp is not controlled by any of its shareholders. EQT VIII Collect SCSp is managed by EQT Fund Management S.Ã r.l3. Further informationThe full transparency notification as well as this press release can be consulted on the Azelis Group NV's website.About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 65 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528326412/en/For more information  please contact:Azelisinvestor-relations@azelis.comSource: Azelis Group NV,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Azelis Group NV', 'Transparency notification', 'Investing', 'EQT VIII Collect SCSp 51A Boulevard Royal', 'EQT VIII SCSp 51A Boulevard Royal', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'EQT VIII Collect SCSp.', 'Expiration date Exercise period', 'EQT VIII Investments S.', 'EQT Fund Management S.Ã', ""customers' product development process"", 'equivalent financial instruments Type', 'Luxembourg Akita I S.', 'EQT VIII Fund', 'unique digital service', 'global market reach', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'Belgian Transparency law', 'Azelis Group NV', 'food ingredients industry', 'lateral value chain', 'following transparency notification', 'full transparency notification', 'date # voting rights', 'local customers', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Name Address', 'legal entities', 'controlled undertakings', 'press release', 'specialty chemical', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'specific market', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', 'complementary products', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'extensive network', '70 application laboratories', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'local footprint', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'Azelis investor', 'previous notification', 'notification requirement', 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'source version', 'voting securities', 'total number', '63,000 customers', '2449 Luxembourg', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'accordance', 'Article', 'May', 'Company', 'Summary', 'disposal', 'shareholding', 'threshold', 'account', 'affiliates', '88,119,809 shares', '116,899,284 shares', 'Content', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'Persons', 'Denominator', 'Details', 'transaction', 'Holders', 'l.', 'website', '65 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'formulations', 'principals', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/pernod-ricard-partners-with-ecospirits-for-global-expansion-of-circular-spirits-distribution-93CH-3459339,Pernod Ricard Partners With EcoSPIRITS for Global Expansion of Circular Spirits Distribution By Investing.com,Pernod Ricard Partners With EcoSPIRITS for Global Expansion of Circular Spirits Distribution,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Press Release “ Paris  28 May 2024Pernod Ricard (EPA: ) (Paris:RI) and ecoSPIRITS today announce entering a new stage in their relationship with a five-year global licensing agreement to enable the distribution of Pernod Ricard's spirits brands in ecoSPIRITS' circular packaging technology to on-trade venues around the world. This collaboration  which builds on the learnings of a pilot in Singapore late 2022  aims to further promote circularity in the spirits industry  a core priority of Pernod Ricard's 2030 Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap ˜Good Times from a Good Place'.With ecoSPIRITS  the products are transported in bulk and delivered to hospitality venues in a fully reusable 4.5-litre glass ecoTOTE™ container  thus reducing waste and carbon emissions resulting from the production and transportation of bottles and other secondary packaging.The relationship between the two companies began with a pilot programme in Singapore where Pernod Ricard deployed ecoSPIRITS' closed loop packaging technology with several of its iconic brands. This pilot was instrumental in identifying the practical challenges and opportunities of circular distribution  providing Pernod Ricard with invaluable insights into operational  technological  and sustainability aspects critical for scaling up circular packaging solutions. The pilot in Singapore was then followed by a first local market deployment under the new global agreement  with the introduction of a closed loop system for Havana Club rum in the brand's home market of Cuba. The new system has been consolidated at an industrial level  with a dedicated ecoPLANT™ at Havana Club's distillery in San JosÃ© de las Lajas. The initiative in Cuba anticipates concrete outcomes  including reduced bottle imports and glass waste  which will translate into an 88% reduction of the carbon emissions footprint related to premium spirits packaging and distribution and a reduction of glass waste by 99%.For Maria Pia De Caro  EVP Integrated Operations and Sustainability at Pernod Ricard  This next step in our partnership with ecoSPIRITS reflects our belief in the transformative power of this solution to enhance operational efficiency and reduce not only our environmental footprint  but the impact of our industry at large. We are excited to continue working together to refine  scale and champion ecoSPIRITS as the future of wine and spirits distribution.As part of the original pilot project  three of Pernod Ricard's spirits brands “ Beefeater London Dry gin  Havana Club rum and Absolut vodka “ were successfully deployed in ecoTOTE™ format and dispensed in venues using co-branded SmartPour™ technology. These brands will now be introduced to new markets under the new global agreement  with additional brands from the Group's portfolio to be added over time. Pernod Ricard's partnership with ecoSPIRITS is aligned with the Group's Sustainability & Responsibility roadmap  which includes a ˜Circular Making' pillar  encouraging circularity at every step of production and distribution.Paul Gabie  CEO of ecoSPIRITS  said: Pernod Ricard and ecoSPIRITS have been working together for almost three years now to make circularity a reality in the spirits industry. This new global agreement builds on that journey  and our combined expertise  to bring circular packaging to more Pernod Ricard markets around the world. We are inspired by Pernod Ricard's commitment to Circular Making and look forward to working even more closely with their brands and market teams.About Pernod RicardPernod Ricard is a worldwide leader in the spirits and wine industry  blending traditional craftsmanship  state-of-the-art brand-building  and global distribution technologies. Our prestigious portfolio of premium to luxury brands includes Absolut vodka  Ricard pastis  Ballantine's  Chivas Regal  Royal Salute  and The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies  Jameson Irish whiskey  Martell cognac  Havana Club rum  Beefeater gin  Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier-JouÃ«t champagnes. Our mission is to ensure the long-term development of our brands with full respect for people and the environment  while empowering our employees around the world to be ambassadors of our purposeful  inclusive  and responsible culture of authentic conviviality. Pernod Ricard's consolidated sales amounted to €12 137 million in fiscal year FY23.Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the and Eurostoxx 50 indices.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528204355/en/Pernod RicardEmmanuel Vouin / Head of External Engagement+33 (0) 1 70 93 16 34Jessica Whyte / International Media Relations Manager+33 (0) 67 69 37 373Source: Pernod Ricard,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Pernod Ricard Partners', 'Circular Spirits Distribution', 'Global Expansion', 'EcoSPIRITS', 'Investing', 'reusable 4.5-litre glass ecoTOTE™ container', ""ecoSPIRITS' closed loop packaging technology"", 'Maria Pia De Caro', 'The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies', 'International Media Relations Manager', 'five-year global licensing agreement', 'first local market deployment', 'Beefeater London Dry gin', ""ecoSPIRITS' circular packaging technology"", 'closed loop system', 'other secondary packaging', 'EVP Integrated Operations', 'Jameson Irish whiskey', 'new global agreement', 'circular packaging solutions', 'Havana Club rum', ""Circular Making' pillar"", 'global distribution technologies', 'original pilot project', 'carbon emissions footprint', 'Pernod Ricard markets', 'Beefeater gin', 'SmartPour™ technology', 'ecoTOTE™ format', 'new system', 'new markets', 'glass waste', 'new stage', 'environmental footprint', 'home market', 'circular distribution', 'Ricard pastis', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Press Release', 'core priority', 'Responsibility roadmap', 'Good Times', 'Good Place', 'two companies', 'practical challenges', 'invaluable insights', 'industrial level', 'dedicated ecoPLANT™', 'San JosÃ©', 'las Lajas', 'concrete outcomes', 'bottle imports', 'transformative power', 'operational efficiency', 'Absolut vodka', 'Paul Gabie', 'three years', 'worldwide leader', 'traditional craftsmanship', 'art brand-building', 'Chivas Regal', 'Royal Salute', 'Martell cognac', 'Malibu liqueur', 'long-term development', 'full respect', 'responsible culture', 'authentic conviviality', 'consolidated sales', 'fiscal year', 'ISIN Code', 'Eurostoxx 50 indices', 'Emmanuel Vouin', 'External Engagement', 'Jessica Whyte', 'trade venues', 'hospitality venues', 'iconic brands', 'additional brands', 'luxury brands', 'spirits industry', 'pilot programme', 'spirits distribution', 'next step', 'prestigious portfolio', 'source version', 'spirits brands', 'premium spirits', 'sustainability aspects', 'wine industry', 'PARIS', '28 May', 'EPA', 'relationship', 'collaboration', 'learnings', 'Singapore', 'circularity', 'products', 'bulk', 'production', 'transportation', 'bottles', 'opportunities', 'introduction', 'Cuba', 'distillery', 'initiative', '88% reduction', 'partnership', 'belief', 'impact', 'scale', 'future', 'Group', 'CEO', 'reality', 'journey', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'teams', 'Ballantine', 'Mumm', 'Perrier-JouÃ', 'champagnes', 'people', 'employees', 'ambassadors', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'businesswire', 'Head', '˜']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,investing.com
41771,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-the-2nd-Edition-of-the-Global-Barometer-of-Ecological-Transformation-Europeans-Place-Health-46841901/,Veolia: the 2nd Edition of the Global Barometer of Ecological Transformation: Europeans Place Health as Top Priority and Call for Action,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Veolia :On 9 June  the citizens of the European Union will elect their representatives to the European Parliament for the next five years  at a time when Europe is facing unprecedented environmental and economic cha…,Regulatory News:Veolia (Paris:VIE):On 9 June  the citizens of the European Union will elect their representatives to the European Parliament for the next five years  at a time when Europe is facing unprecedented environmental and economic challenges.The second edition of the Ecological Transformation Barometer  an exclusive global opinion survey focusing on the degree of acceptability of ecological solutions  offers unprecedented insight into people's understanding of the consequences of climate disruption worldwide  and particularly on a European scale. Europeans are expressing growing concern for their health  perceive a threat to their living conditions in the face of environmental challenges  and are calling for action!To meet these challenges  they say they are ready to accept the changes needed to make existing environmental solutions more widespread  in order to combat climate change and pollution. Faced with the climate and ecological challenge  it is the need for protection that motivates their desire to act  particularly in terms of health. Today  they consider that the cost of inaction will be much higher than the cost of action.“Faced with the climate challenge  radical action and ecological pause clash all over Europe. But ecological transformation must no longer be the subject of pause or debate. It is vital for today's and tomorrow's generations! The results of the second edition of the Ecological Transformation Barometer show that European public opinion is resolutely focused on action. It is by listening to citizens that we can understand their concerns and needs  identify the levers of change that are not only acceptable but desirable  and find the meaning and motivation for change in the quest for a sustainable future. It is no longer necessary to ask whether to choose between ecology and prosperity  because one guarantees the other ” said Estelle Brachlianoff  Veolia's CEO.*** Find the full results for Europe at this link ***Key findings at European scale97% of Europeans believe that health rather than cost is the top priority when It comes to decisions on water  waste and energy.65% of Europeans feel vulnerable to climate-related health risks. These risks include an increase in infectious diseases  pollution  reduced food quality and mental health problems.64% of Europeans are convinced that inaction will cost more than ecological action.90% of Europeans consider it necessary to combine ecological planning  changes in laws and regulations  innovation and information to achieve successful ecological transformation.9 out of 10 Europeans are convinced that local authorities  businesses  governments  international institutions and individuals must find and implement solutions together.More than 1 in 2 Europeans believe that ecological action must combine sobriety and technological solutions.65% of Europeans (+12% compared to 2022) are prepared to drink water produced by recycling wastewater to reduce the risk of water shortages.▁▁▁ABOUT THE METHODOLOGYThe survey was conducted in 26 countries (including 9 EU countries) across 5 continents  reaching more than 29 500 individuals (between 1 000 and 2 000 per country). Countries were chosen for their demographic weight  their contribution to greenhouse gas emissions  and to ensure diversity in ecological political and cultural backgrounds. Overall  these countries represent nearly 60% of the world's population and 67% of global greenhouse gas emissions. The survey was conducted online from October 17 to December 6  2023. For each of the 26 countries  a representative sample of residents aged 18 and over was gathered. Frequency: the barometer is published every 18 months (allowing for long-term evolution of representations  opinions  and behaviors).▁▁▁ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240528155934/en/,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.37,0.46,True,English,"['2nd Edition', 'Global Barometer', 'Ecological Transformation', 'Top Priority', 'Veolia', 'Europeans', 'Health', 'Call', 'Action', 'global greenhouse gas emissions', 'exclusive global opinion survey', 'three complementary activities', 'European public opinion', 'next five years', '63 million metric tons', 'useful, practical solutions', 'successful ecological transformation', 'mental health problems', 'existing environmental solutions', 'Ecological Transformation Barometer', 'climate-related health risks', 'ecological solutions', 'unprecedented environmental', 'ecological challenge', 'ecological planning', 'ecological political', 'European Union', 'European Parliament', 'European scale', 'technological solutions', 'Regulatory News', 'second edition', 'unprecedented insight', 'growing concern', 'living conditions', 'environmental challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'Key findings', 'top priority', 'infectious diseases', 'food quality', 'local authorities', 'international institutions', 'demographic weight', 'cultural backgrounds', 'representative sample', 'long-term evolution', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', '113 million people', 'consolidated sales', 'source version', 'climate disruption', 'climate challenge', 'ecological pause', 'ecological action', 'economic challenges', 'radical action', 'full results', 'water shortages', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'wastewater services', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', '9 EU countries', 'climate change', 'Veolia group', '5 continents', '26 countries', 'VIE', '9 June', 'citizens', 'representatives', 'time', 'degree', 'acceptability', 'understanding', 'consequences', 'Europeans', 'threat', 'face', 'changes', 'order', 'pollution', 'need', 'protection', 'desire', 'terms', 'cost', 'inaction', 'subject', 'debate', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'generations', 'concerns', 'levers', 'meaning', 'motivation', 'quest', 'ecology', 'prosperity', 'CEO', 'link', 'decisions', 'energy', 'increase', 'reduced', 'laws', 'regulations', 'innovation', 'information', 'businesses', 'governments', 'individuals', 'More', 'sobriety', 'THE', 'METHODOLOGY', 'country', 'contribution', 'diversity', 'world', 'population', 'October', 'December', 'residents', 'Frequency', 'representations', 'opinions', 'behaviors', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'businesswire']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2888682/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8939 £ 25.0014 Estimated MTD return 0.75 % 0.83 % Estimated YTD return 1.26 % 1.76 % Estimated ITD return 178.94 % 150.01 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.07 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.00 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.6214 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.1072The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41773,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2888684/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8939 £ 25.0014 Estimated MTD return 0.75 % 0.83 % Estimated YTD return 1.26 % 1.76 % Estimated ITD return 178.94 % 150.01 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.07 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.00 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.6214 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.1072The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-Form-6-K-46844793/,STMicroelectronics N : Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)    UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington  D.C. 20549   FORM 6-K   REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the month of …,"UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington  D.C. 20549FORM 6-KREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the month of May  2024Commission File Number: 1-13546STMicroelectronics N.V.(Name of Registrant)WTC Schiphol AirportSchiphol Boulevard 2651118 BH Schiphol AirportThe Netherlands(Address of Principal Executive Offices)Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:Form 20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐Enclosure: A press release dated May 27  2024  announcing the results of trading in STMicroelectronics' own shares as part of the previously announced share buy-back program for the period from May 20  2024 to May 24  2024.PR N°C3261CSTMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares - Period from May 20  2024 to May 24  2024AMSTERDAM - May 27  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the ""Company"" or ""STMicroelectronics"")  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the ""Program"") disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between May 20  2024 to May 24  2024 (the ""Period"")  of 198 865 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 38.3025 and for an overall price of EUR 7 617 019.94.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 5/20/2024 30 000 38.3982 1 151 946.00 XPAR 5/21/2024 71 277 37.901 2 701 469.58 XPAR 5/22/2024 17 588 37.4899 659 372.36 XPAR 5/23/2024 50 000 39.006 1 950 300.00 XPAR 5/24/2024 30 000 38.4644 1 153 932.00 XPAR Total for Period 198 865 38.3025 7 617 019.94Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 11 842 372 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.3% of the Company's issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website ( https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback ).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com .For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comSIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  thereunto duly authorized.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics N', 'Status', 'Form', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'Principal Executive Offices', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'WTC Schiphol Airport', '1118 BH Schiphol Airport', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'debt financial instruments', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'share buy-back program', 'other lawful purpose', 'Commission File Number', 'D.C.', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'UNITED STATES', 'check mark', 'annual reports', 'press release', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'The Netherlands', 'Own Shares', '198,865 ordinary shares', 'FORM 6-K', 'detailed form', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '11,842,372 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Washington', 'RULE', 'month', 'May', 'Name', 'Registrant', 'Address', 'cover', 'Enclosure', 'results', 'trading', 'part', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'thousands', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'SIGNATURES', 'requirements', 'behalf', '1934']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41775,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADPACK-INDUSTRIES-S-A-27137195/news/Quadpack-Industries-S-a-Quadpack-2023-results-Strong-operating-performance-amid-market-soft-46843096/,Quadpack Industries  S.a. :  Quadpack 2023 results: Strong operating performance amid market softness,(marketscreener.com)  • Turnover of €129 million in year ended 31 January 2024• EBITDA IFRS €16.2 million  12.6% of sales • Net loss of €2.6 million  caused by one-time asset restructuring• CAPEX of €5.0 million to drive strategic plan• New financing de…,"• Turnover of €129 million in year ended 31 January 2024• EBITDA IFRS €16.2 million  12.6% of sales (increase of 20% vs 2022)• Net loss of €2.6 million  caused by one-time asset restructuring• CAPEX of €5.0 million to drive strategic plan• New financing deal of €38 million signed with a syndicate of banks• Financial indebtedness reduced by €8 million to €37.8 millionQuadpack Industries (Euronext Growth: ALQP)  manufacturer and provider of packaging solutions to the global beauty industry  achieved a turnover of €129 million in the financial year ending 31 January 2024. While signifying a 10% drop versus the previous period  operating profitability soared to record levels  reaching €16.2 million. 2023 marked a return to stability  following the volatility caused by global events and the subsequent reaction by the market. In addition to market normalisation  Quadpack completed the first stage of its business strategy  which prioritised financial resilience. The company's debt was restructured; the product and client portfolios were rationalised; and the global industrial footprint optimised for efficiency and faster response times.Asset restructuring for higher returnAfter careful consideration by the Group's Board of Directors  two unprofitable operations were halted in 2023. First  due to unsatisfactory industrialisation  Quadpack ended the co-development of ‘bag-in-bottle technology' with Inotech Cosmetics GmbH  depreciating the associated tangible and intangible investments. This decision generated one-time negative impacts of €4.5 million on operating profit (EBIT) and €2.6 million on net results  but does not impact cash flow generation  nor net debt position.Second  the closure of Quadpack Plastics in Spain caused a one-time loss of €1.6 million. Its operations were not profitable and its closure has resulted in an optimised and refocused industrial footprint at the Kierspe site in Germany  for an improved service to customers.While both decisions impacted net results in the 2023 fiscal year  the improvement of recurring EBITDA allowed the negative impacts to be partially absorbed. The Group is confident that after restructuring the assets  a higher return on assets and profitability will be achieved in the following years.Strong operating cash flowFocusing attention on cash generation  Quadpack delivered the second year of strong operating cash flow  reaching €13.8 million against €13.0 million in the previous year. This allowed for €5 million CAPEX and the continued deleveraging of net debt  which decreased to €37.8 million versus €46 million in 2022.The leverage ratio decreased to 2.3x  down 34% from a 3.4x leverage in the previous year  thanks to the considerable improvements in both net debt and recurring EBITDA.Financial highlights(In € millions) 2023 2022* Revenue 128.6 142.6 % growth -10% 34% EBITDA 16.2 13.5 EBITDA/Revenue % 12.6% 9.4% Operating result 1.2 3.8 Net result (2.6) 1.0 Shares 4.4 4.4 Net result per share (in € ) (0.59) 0.23 Net result per share  diluted (in € ) (0.59) 0.23 Cash flow from operating activities 13.8 13.0 Cash flow from investing activities (4.1) (5.3) Cash flow from financing activities (9.6) (10.4) Equity  Group share 32.5 35.3 Borrowings and other financial liabilities 49.9 57.9 Available cash & cash equivalents 11.0 10.9 Net debt 37.8 45.9 Leverage ratio (Net debt/ EBITDA) 2.3x 3.4x*Amounts restated for comparison purposes.Consolidation of new strategyQuadpack laid the foundations of its new business strategy during 2023. It focuses on five pillars: delivering creative product solutions; providing an excellent customer experience; optimising its industrial footprint to regionalise production; developing strategic partnerships for co-creation; and opening the doors to new ventures.During this first phase  Quadpack focused on long-term profitability. Debt was restructured with a new syndicate loan of €38 million  with Deutsche Bank as the mandated lead arranger and agent. This deal allows the company to simplify its financing structure  accelerating the repayment of the 2020 Covid loans and settling the remainder of the loan for the acquisition of German manufacturer Louvrette in 2019  while providing additional resources to finance future growth.Organisational restructuringQuadpack's manufacturing capability was streamlined during this period. In addition to the closure of Quadpack Plastics and termination of the co-development project with Inotech  a long-term improvement programme commenced at the Kierspe plant. This aims to improve efficiency and customer service  using the latest technologies  including Industry 4.0.Beyond Europe  Quadpack started regional manufacture in the Americas  thanks to a partnership with a specialist injection moulding company in the US  which will allow it to offer its best-selling airless solutions locally  with faster lead times and a reduced carbon footprint.A stronger offer for beauty brandsProduction capacity was increased at all manufacturing plants in Europe  to meet the rise of local demand. Quadpack now manufactures half of all sales. Its portfolio grew substantially  with 80 new solutions brought to market  designed to meet the needs and desires of today's beauty brands. Quadpack's ‘Creative Hub' is expanding its own intellectual property  using in-house talent in partnership with innovation labs.The innovations introduced in 2023 focused on personalisation and sustainability. ShapeUp Stick is the first in a new platform of packaging formats that dispense products in a custom shape  to enhance brand customisation and consumer interaction. Quadpack's Woodacity® Collection expanded with new full-wood pack types that use patented closure systems. A new line of dip-in packs was launched  with special applicators for makeup and skincare. All new solutions are designed to minimise environmental impact  in line with Quadpack's sustainability commitment.Making a positive impact2023 was Quadpack's first full year as a B Corporation  as the company puts its purpose – taking care and giving back – at the core of its activities.The complex requirements for regulatory compliance were mapped out  with particular focus on the Spanish ‘plastics tax' and the proposed EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Regulation. This exercise also enables the company to advise and support its customers  as they navigate an evolving legislative landscape.Beyond commercial activity  the company's charitable arm  Quadpack Foundation  had a multiplier effect  as it supported 31 social projects worldwide to support underprivileged young people  with the help of almost 100 volunteers from within the company.2024: growth  profit and impactMany of the macro-economic pressures in 2023 continue to affect business into 2024  as the resilient beauty sector stabilises. Quadpack's strategy now enters its acceleration phase  with an emphasis on growth  profit and impact. CEO Alexandra Chauvigné said: “Market softness continues  but our solid operational performance bode well for the year ahead. I am confident about our collective ability to transform challenges into opportunities. We have a robust innovation pipeline and exciting plans to transform our customers' experience. We are ready to accelerate our strategy towards making a positive impact. Personally  I'm looking forward to it!”–ENDS–Full results for the 2023 financial year are published on the Quadpack web site: www.quadpack.com/investors/investor-information/This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ymeeYsebYmjHx5xulZyabZaZnGeUxZbJaWnJyZaZl5ecZ3KRmmZjmMWcZnFnlWVs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86006-qp-2023-results-re-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.22,0.47,True,English,"['Strong operating performance', 'Quadpack Industries', 'Quadpack 2023 results', 'market softness', 'specialist injection moulding company', 'Strong operating cash flow', 'faster response times', 'selling airless solutions', 'excellent customer experience', 'faster lead times', 'reduced carbon footprint', 'other financial liabilities', 'two unprofitable operations', 'Inotech Cosmetics GmbH', 'cash flow generation', 'one-time negative impacts', 'creative product solutions', 'one-time asset restructuring', 'global industrial footprint', 'long-term improvement programme', 'new business strategy', 'global beauty industry', 'net debt position', 'New financing deal', 'new syndicate loan', 'cash generation', 'new strategy', 'packaging solutions', 'global events', 'operating profit', 'one-time loss', 'Operating result', 'operating activities', 'new ventures', 'Available cash', 'cash equivalents', 'lead arranger', 'beauty brands', 'financing activities', 'financing structure', 'Organisational restructuring', 'Financial indebtedness', 'financial resilience', 'Financial highlights', 'long-term profitability', 'Net loss', 'net results', '8 Net result', 'financial year', 'strategic plan', 'record levels', 'subsequent reaction', 'first stage', 'client portfolios', 'careful consideration', 'unsatisfactory industrialisation', 'bottle technology', 'associated tangible', 'intangible investments', 'Kierspe site', 'following years', 'continued deleveraging', 'leverage ratio', '3.4x leverage', 'considerable improvements', 'investing activities', 'comparison purposes', 'five pillars', 'strategic partnerships', 'first phase', 'Deutsche Bank', '2020 Covid loans', 'additional resources', 'manufacturing capability', 'Kierspe plant', 'customer service', 'latest technologies', 'regional manufacture', 'stronger offer', 'manufacturing plants', 'local demand', '2023 fiscal year', 'second year', 'previous year', 'Euronext Growth', 'higher return', 'The Group', 'future growth', 'previous period', 'market normalisation', '5 million CAPEX', 'German manufacturer', 'development project', 'Production capacity', 'recurring EBITDA', 'Quadpack Industries', 'Quadpack Plastics', 'Group share', '142.6 % growth', 'Turnover', 'sales', 'increase', 'banks', 'ALQP', 'provider', '31 January', '10% drop', 'stability', 'volatility', 'efficiency', 'Board', 'Directors', 'decision', 'closure', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'improved', 'customers', 'assets', 'attention', 'Revenue', '1.0 Shares', 'Equity', '3 Borrowings', 'Consolidation', 'foundations', 'creation', 'doors', 'agent', 'repayment', 'remainder', 'acquisition', 'Louvrette', 'termination', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'rise', '€', '0.']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Sanofi-and-Novavax-announce-co-exclusive-licensing-agreement-to-co-commercialize-COVID-19-vaccine-46843138/,Sanofi : and Novavax announce co-exclusive licensing agreement to co-commercialize COVID-19 vaccine and develop novel flu-COVID-19 combination vaccines - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   Sanofi and Novavax announce co-exclusive licensing agreement to co-commercializeCOVID-19 vaccine and develop novel flu-COVID-19 combination vaccines       •      Agreement provides patients with...https://www.marketscreen…,"""This collaboration is important for Novavax and for global public health. Our new partnership combines Novavax's proprietary recombinant protein and nanoparticle technologies  Matrix ™ adjuvant  and R&D expertise with Sanofi's world-class leadership in launching and commercializing innovative vaccines. Together  we can broaden access to both our COVID-19 vaccine and our adjuvant to ensure more individuals can benefit from the protection vaccines can provide. Novavax is now in a stronger position to refocus our efforts on leveraging our technology platform and novel adjuvant in research and development and pipeline expansion to help advance our mission of developing life-saving vaccines to fight infectious diseases.""""With flu and COVID-19 hospital admission rates now closely mirroring each other  we have an opportunity to develop non-mRNAflu-COVID-19 combination vaccines offering patients both enhanced convenience and protection against two serious respiratory viruses. We're excited by the prospect of combining Novavax's adjuvanted COVID-19 vaccine that has shown high efficacy and favorable tolerability  with our rich portfolio of differentiated flu vaccines that have demonstrated superior protection against flu and its serious complications. Improved tolerability and thermostability  without compromise on efficacy  are what regulators  recommending bodies  and patients will demand.""The terms of the agreement include: a co-exclusive license to co-commercialize Novavax's current stand-alone adjuvanted COVID-19 vaccine worldwide (except in countries with existing Advance Purchase Agreements and in India  Japan  and South Korea where Novavax has existing partnership agreements); a sole license to Novavax's adjuvanted COVID-19 vaccine for use in combination with Sanofi's flu vaccines; and a non-exclusive license to use the Matrix-M ™ adjuvant in vaccine products. In addition  Sanofi will take a minority (<5%) equity investment in Novavax.• Outside of the collaboration  each party may develop and commercialize their own flu-COVID-19 vaccines and adjuvanted products at their own cost.• Novavax is entitled to additional launch and sales milestones opportunities of up to $200 million plus mid-single digit royalties for each additional Sanofi vaccine product developed under a non-exclusive license with Novavax's Matrix-M adjuvant technology.• In addition  Sanofi will take a minority (<5%) equity investment in Novavax.About NovavaxNovavax  Inc. (Nasdaq: NVAX) promotes improved health by discovering  developing and commercializing innovative vaccines to help protect against serious infectious diseases. Novavax  a global company based in Gaithersburg  Md.  U.S.  offers a differentiated vaccine platform that combines a recombinant protein approach  innovative nanoparticle technology and Novavax's patented Matrix-M adjuvant to enhance the immune response. The Company's portfolio includes its COVID-19 vaccine  and its pipeline includes CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates. In addition  Novavax's adjuvant is included in the University of Oxford and Serum Institute of India's R21/Matrix-M malaria vaccine. Please visit novavax.com and LinkedIn for more.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi's ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['novel flu-COVID-19 combination vaccines', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'COVID-19 vaccine', 'Sanofi', 'Novavax', 'Form', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two serious respiratory viruses', 'existing Advance Purchase Agreements', 'COVID-19 hospital admission rates', 'stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'additional Sanofi vaccine product', 'existing partnership agreements', 'proprietary recombinant protein', 'R&D expertise', 'sales milestones opportunities', 'mid-single digit royalties', 'recombinant protein approach', 'life-changing treatment options', 'R21/Matrix-M malaria vaccine', 'global public health', 'current stand-alone adjuvanted', 'SNY Media Relations', 'future financial results', 'differentiated vaccine platform', 'serious infectious diseases', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'innovative nanoparticle technology', 'mRNAflu-COVID-19 combination vaccines', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'differentiated flu vaccines', 'Matrix-M adjuvant technology', 'global company', 'technology platform', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'serious complications', 'additional launch', 'COVID-19 vaccine', 'innovative vaccines', 'The Company', 'vaccine products', 'life-saving vaccines', 'new partnership', 'nanoparticle technologies', 'improved health', 'Investor Relations', 'product development', 'future performance', 'Matrix-M ™ adjuvant', 'world-class leadership', 'stronger position', 'favorable tolerability', 'Improved tolerability', 'exclusive license', 'South Korea', 'sole license', 'equity investment', 'adjuvanted products', 'U.S.', 'immune response', 'Serum Institute', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'Matrix ™ adjuvant', 'novel adjuvant', 'superior protection', 'pipeline expansion', 'high efficacy', 'rich portfolio', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Sally Bain', 'Evan Berland', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Nathalie Pham', 'collaboration', 'Novavax', 'access', 'individuals', 'efforts', 'research', 'opportunity', 'patients', 'enhanced', 'convenience', 'prospect', 'thermostability', 'compromise', 'regulators', 'bodies', 'terms', 'countries', 'India', 'Japan', 'minority', 'party', 'cost', 'Nasdaq', 'NVAX', 'Gaithersburg', 'Md.', 'CIC', 'University', 'Oxford', 'LinkedIn', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'alize', 'delepine', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'potential']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REDCENTRIC-PLC-56171697/news/WIIT-S-p-A-Correction-Statement-regarding-Redcentric-plc-Redcentric--46838680/,"WIIT S.p.A - Correction: Statement regarding Redcentric plc (""Redcentric"")",(marketscreener.com) Please be advised that this announcement corrects the one published at 09:13 this morning. The original announcement had some text omitted at the top of the release. Please see below the full and correct text.  NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICA…,"Please be advised that this announcement corrects the one published at 09:13 this morning. The original announcement had some text omitted at the top of the release. Please see below the full and correct text.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN  INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FALLING UNDER RULE 2.4 OF THE CITY CODE ON TAKEOVERS AND MERGERS (THE ""CODE"") AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A FIRM INTENTION TO MAKE AN OFFER UNDER RULE 2.7 OF THE CODE. THERE CAN BE NO CERTAINTY THAT ANY FIRM OFFER WILL BE MADE.Statement regarding Redcentric plc (""Redcentric"")Milan  28 May 2024 - WIIT S.p.A. (""WIIT"")  one of the leading European players in the market of Cloud Computing services for enterprises focused on the provision of continuous Hybrid Cloud and Hosted Private Cloud services for critical applications  notes the announcement by Redcentric of 24 May 2024.In the ordinary course of its activities WIIT regularly evaluates strategic external growth opportunities and maintains dialogue with various operators in the industry for this purpose  with the primary objective of developing the WIIT Group. In this context  WIIT confirms that it has held preliminary and non-binding discussions with Redcentric  aimed at assessing WIIT's possible interest in making an offer for the entire issued  and to be issued  share capital of Redcentric. Such discussions are at a preliminary and early stage and there can be no certainty that any firm offer for Redcentric will be made; if a firm offer were to be made  it would likely be in cash.In accordance with Rule 2.6(a) of the City Code On Takeovers And Mergers (""Takeover Code"" or ""Code"")  WIIT is required  by no later than 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 21 June 2024  to either announce a firm intention to make an offer for Redcentric in accordance with Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Codeor announce that it does not intend to make such an offer  in which case the announcement will be treated as a statement to which Rule 2.8 of the Takeover Code applies.This deadline can be extended with the consent of the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers in accordance with Rule 2.6(c) of the Takeover Code.A further announcement will be made as necessary or appropriate.* * *WIIT S.p.A.WIIT S.p.A.  a company listed on the Euronext Star Milan (""STAR"") segment  is a leader in the cloud computing market. The company has a pan-European footprint and is present in key markets such as Italy and Germany  positioning itself among the main operators in the provision of innovative Hosted Private and Hybrid Cloud technological solutions. WIIT operates its own data centers in 6 regions - 4 in Germany and 2 in Italy - of which 2 are Premium Zone-enabled  i.e. with Tier IV data centers certified by the Uptime Institute and with the highest levels of security in the design phase. WIIT has 6 SAP certifications at the highest level of specialisation. The end-to-end approach allows the company to provide partner companies with personalised services  with high added value and with the highest safety and quality standards for the management of critical applications and operational continuity  guaranteeing maximum reliability in the implementation of the main international application platforms (SAP  Oracle and Microsoft). Since 2022  the WIIT Group has joined the United Nations Global Compact. ( www.wiit.cloud ).For more informationInvestor Relations WIIT S.p.A.:Stefano Pasotto - CFO & Investor Relations DirectorFrancesca Cocco - Lerxi Consulting - Investor RelationsT +39.02.3660.7500Fax +39.02.3660.7505ir@wiit.cloudwww.wiit.cloudMedia Relations:Image BuildingRafaella CasulaT +39 348 3067877Simona PorcinoT +39 340 9844532Francesca AlberioTel. +39 340 0547370wiit@imagebuilding.it* * *Important informationThis announcement is not intended to  and does not  constitute or form part of any offer  invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell or otherwise dispose of  any securities whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise.The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdictions.Disclosure requirements of the CodeUnder Rule 8.3(a) of the Code  any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is  or is likely to be  solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period and  if later  following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in  and rights to subscribe for  any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror(s). An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the commencement of the offer period and  if appropriate  by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the 10th business day following the announcement in which any securities exchange offeror is first identified. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company or of a securities exchange offeror prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure.Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Code  any person who is  or becomes  interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in  and rights to subscribe for  any relevant securities of each of (i) the offeree company and (ii) any securities exchange offeror  save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 pm (London time) on the business day following the date of the relevant dealing.If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding  whether formal or informal  to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company or a securities exchange offeror  they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3.Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company  by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1  8.2 and 8.4).Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Takeover Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk  including details of the number of relevant securities in issue  when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified.You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44 (0) 20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure.Rule 2.4 informationIn accordance with Rule 2.4(c)(iii) of the Code  WIIT confirms that it is not aware of any dealings in Redcentric shares that would require it to offer a minimum level  or a particular form  of consideration under Rule 6 or Rule 11 of the Code. However  it has not been practicable for WIIT to make enquiries of all persons acting in concert with it prior to the date of this announcement in order to confirm whether any details are required to be disclosed under Rule 2.4(c)(iii) of the Code. To the extent that any such details are identified following such enquiries  WIIT will make an announcement disclosing such details as soon as practicable  and in any event by no later than the time it is required to make its Opening Position Disclosure under Rule 8.1 of the Code.Website",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.23,0.65,True,English,"['WIIT S.p.A', 'Redcentric plc', 'Correction', 'Statement', 'strategic external growth opportunities', 'main international application platforms', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Hybrid Cloud technological solutions', 'Tier IV data centers', 'WIIT S.p.A.', 'Investor Relations WIIT S.', 'continuous Hybrid Cloud', 'leading European players', 'innovative Hosted Private', 'high added value', 'Cloud Computing services', 'Private Cloud services', 'Investor Relations Director', 'Opening Position Disclosure', 'cloud computing market', 'Euronext Star Milan', 'securities exchange offeror', 'main operators', 'United Kingdom', 'Media Relations', 'personalised services', 'Disclosure requirements', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'FIRM INTENTION', 'critical applications', 'ordinary course', 'various operators', 'primary objective', 'non-binding discussions', 'possible interest', 'share capital', 'early stage', 'London time', 'Takeover Codeor', 'pan-European footprint', 'key markets', 'Premium Zone-enabled', 'Uptime Institute', 'highest levels', 'design phase', 'partner companies', 'highest safety', 'quality standards', 'operational continuity', 'maximum reliability', 'Stefano Pasotto', 'Francesca Cocco', 'Lerxi Consulting', 'Image Building', 'Rafaella Casula', 'Simona Porcino', 'Francesca Alberio', 'relevant securities', 'WIIT Group', 'correct text', 'CITY CODE', 'Such discussions', '6 SAP certifications', 'end approach', 'Important information', 'securities law', 'FIRM OFFER', 'offer period', 'offeree company', 'original announcement', 'Redcentric plc', 'AN ANNOUNCEMENT', 'top', 'release', 'full', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'INTO', 'JURISDICTION', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'RULE', 'THE', 'TAKEOVERS', 'MERGERS', 'CERTAINTY', 'Statement', 'enterprises', 'provision', '24 May', 'activities', 'dialogue', 'industry', 'purpose', 'context', 'preliminary', 'cash', 'accordance', '21 June', 'case', 'deadline', 'consent', 'Panel', 'leader', 'Italy', 'Germany', '6 regions', 'security', 'specialisation', 'management', 'implementation', 'Oracle', 'Microsoft', 'CFO', 'Fax', 'Tel.', 'imagebuilding', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'class', 'respect', 'commencement', '5.00']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2888692/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company repurchased 3 070 466 shares during the week of 20 May 2024 up to and including 24 May 2024.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €16.47 for a total amount of €50 577 589.93. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 47 376 807 ordinary shares at an average price of €16.12 for a total consideration of €763 497 507.32. To date approximately 30.54% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.35,0.3,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'related international response measures', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.5 billion share buyback programme', 'operating company ING Bank', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'leading providers Euronext', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'daily repurchased shares', 'wholesale banking services', 'ING Group shares', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Important legal information', 'Investor enquiries', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'ESG) rating', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'leading position', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', '47,376,807 ordinary shares', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'minimum c', 'total number', 'integral part', 'tax laws', '3,070,466 shares', 'Progress', '2 May', '20 May', '24 May', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'governmental', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/28/2888719/0/en/21Shares-Lists-Four-Physically-Backed-Crypto-Asset-ETNs-on-London-Stock-Exchange.html,21Shares Lists Four Physically Backed Crypto-Asset ETNs on London Stock Exchange,London  UK  28th May 2024 – 21Shares  the world’s largest issuer of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  today announced the launch of four physically backed crypto-asset exchange traded notes (ETNs) on London Stock Exchange – available for professional in…,London  UK  28th May 2024 – 21Shares  the world’s largest issuer of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs)  today announced the launch of four physically backed crypto-asset exchange traded notes (ETNs) on London Stock Exchange – available for professional investors. Each ETN is listed in both GBP and USD. This launch marks 21Shares official entrance into the UK market.ETN Name Ticker ISIN Listing currency Total Expense Ratio 21Shares Bitcoin ETN ABTC LN CH0454664001 GBP 1.49% 21Shares Ethereum Staking ETN AETH LN CH0454664027 GBP 1.49% 21Shares Bitcoin Core ETN CBTC LN CH1199067674 GBP 0.21% 21Shares Ethereum Core ETN ETHC LN CH1209763130 GBP 0.21% 21Shares Bitcoin ETN BTCU LN CH0454664001 USD 1.49% 21Shares Ethereum Staking ETN ETHU LN CH0454664027 USD 1.49% 21Shares Bitcoin Core ETN CBTU LN CH1199067674 USD 0.21% 21Shares Ethereum Core ETN CETU LN CH1209763130 USD 0.21%The listings come in response to a new regulatory environment in the UK  following the recent news that the Financial Conduct Authority will allow professional investors to access Bitcoin and Ethereum-backed exchange-traded notes.The milestone marks the latest expansion in 21Shares’ global growth  providing professional and institutional investors with regulated  transparent  and secure access to the rapidly evolving cryptocurrency market and asset class.Founded in 2018  21Shares pioneered the world’s first physically-backed crypto ETN and has established a solid track record of creating innovative  reliable  and compliant crypto investment products. With ETNs already listed on prominent exchanges such as Nasdaq OMX  Euronext Paris and Amsterdam  Deutsche Börse Xetra  and SIX Swiss Exchange  21Shares is there to meet a growing demand from investors to gain exposure to digital assets through their existing bank or brokerage accounts.Ophelia Snyder  co-founder  said:“The UK is one of the deepest  most-liquid capital markets in the world. As institutional interest in cryptocurrencies grows  it is only natural that London Stock Exchange hosts responsible  properly-constructed funds offering access to these markets.That’s where an established firm like ours  with a proven track record through volatile markets  can play an integral role. We have listed more than 40 ETNs on 11 different stock exchanges. We are excited to be part of this evolution in the UK.”Hany Rashwan  co-founder  said:“Crypto is here to stay. There is a clear role for decentralised finance in a global world  and more people are coming around to that point of view. More and more institutional investors want to have an exposure to the transformational potential of cryptocurrencies  as part of a balanced investment portfolio.That demand already exists  and we are helping to supply the products to meet that demand. We are keen to watch how the space evolves  and how we can continue to support growth in the sector as the regulatory environment progresses.”21Shares offers the largest suite of cryptocurrency exchange-traded notes (ETNs) globally  catering to a wide range of investor needs  including 7 diversified index ETNs  which provide exposure to a basket of top cryptocurrencies  and 5 staking ETNs that generate additional returns through staking. Additionally  21Shares provides 2 inverse ETNs that profit from price declines.21Shares’ currently has over $3.6bn in European assets under management (AUM)  as of 24 May 2024.For further information  interviews  or high-resolution images  please contact Christian Roundchristian.round@teneo.com (+44 7585 996379)Notes to Editors21Shares was founded to solve a specific problem: making cryptocurrency accessible to everyday investors. Co-founders Ophelia Snyder and Hany Rashwan combined their backgrounds in finance and technology to create a bridge between traditional finance and the burgeoning world of digital assets.Co-founder Ophelia Snyder graduated from Stanford University in 2014  before embarking on a career in investment banking. In 2013  Snyder’s interest in cryptocurrencies was sparked by her mother  a former banker and business owner  who introduced her to Bitcoin during a discussion about the impact of the 2008 financial crisis. Snyder realised that crypto could offer decentralised  transparent  inclusive  and secure alternatives to traditional financial systems during times of economic instability – leading her to co-found 21Shares with university friend Hany Rashwan  with the ultimate mission of building bridges into the crypto world.Co-founder Hany Rashwan  an Egyptian businessman and computer engineer  was born in Cairo and raised in Alexandria. Inspired by his grandfather’s expertise in cryptography  Rashwan’s journey with technology began early  building gaming sites at the age of 14. He launched multiple start-ups while studying for an MBA at Columbia  including a digital payments business that he sold at a considerable profit. He moved to Silicon Valley  and started networking around the Stanford campus – where he met Ophelia.Alex Pollak  Head of UK & Israel  spent 15 years at BlackRock and part of the team which worked on BlackRock’s exchange-traded fund  iShares  before joining 21Shares in 2021. He set up BlackRock’s Israel business where he was exposed to the vibrant crypto culture in the country. Prior to BlackRock  Alex was an investment analyst at a London asset manager  his first professional role in finance after graduating from the University of Georgia.With a strong focus on research  client service  and regulatory compliance  21Shares continues to lead the way in crypto investment solutions.21Shares launched the world’s first physically backed crypto ETN in 2018  marking a significant milestone in the sector.Offers the largest suite of cryptocurrency exchange-traded products (ETNs) globally  catering to a wide range of investor needs.Listed more than 40 ETNs across 11 different exchanges around the world  and manages 29 single asset ETNs that track the performance of individual cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.The assets under management for the Bitcoin ETN alone amounted to approximately $693.8 million as of April 2024.Introduced the world’s first staking ETN product - a new type of investment product that allows investors to earn returns not just from market price movements but also by participating in the process known as “staking” in the cryptocurrency world.Staking involves holding ETNs in a cryptocurrency wallet to support the operations and security of a blockchain network. In return  stakers receive rewards  similar to earning interest in a traditional bank account. The 21Shares Ethereum Staking ETN (AETH) is the largest ETN tracking Ethereum and has the longest track record of any physical ETH product on the market.Find out more at https://www.21shares.com/en-eu/about-usImportant InformationThis document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG in any jurisdiction. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any offer or commitment whatsoever or for any other purpose in any jurisdiction. Nothing in this document should be considered investment advice.This document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States has approved or disapproved of an investment in the securities or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the contents of this presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.Within the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”); or (iii) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order  including existing members and creditors of the Company or (iv) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Exclusively for potential investors in any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com.The approval of the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the Issuer’s Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and not a prospectus. The 2023 Base Prospectus of 21Shares AG has been deposited pursuant to article 54(2) FinSA with SIX Exchange Regulation AG in its function as Swiss prospectus review body within the meaning of article 52 FinSA. The 2023 Base Prospectus and the key information document for any products may be obtained at 21Shares AG's website (https://21shares.com/ir/prospectus or https://21shares.com/ir/kids).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.32,0.15,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', '21Shares Lists', 'Crypto-Asset ETNs', 'ETN Name Ticker ISIN Listing currency Total Expense Ratio 21Shares Bitcoin ETN ABTC LN', '21Shares Bitcoin Core ETN CBTC LN CH1199067674', 'four physically backed crypto-asset exchange traded notes', '21Shares Ethereum Core ETN ETHC LN', '21Shares Ethereum Core ETN CETU LN', '21Shares Bitcoin Core ETN CBTU LN', '21Shares Ethereum Staking ETN AETH LN', '21Shares Ethereum Staking ETN ETHU LN', '21Shares Bitcoin ETN BTCU LN', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'deepest, most-liquid capital markets', 'backed crypto ETN', 'compliant crypto investment products', 'university friend Hany Rashwan', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', '21Shares official entrance', 'Ethereum-backed exchange-traded notes', 'London Stock Exchange', 'solid track record', 'proven track record', 'balanced investment portfolio', 'cryptocurrency exchange-traded notes', 'Financial Conduct Authority', '11 different stock exchanges', 'traditional financial systems', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'new regulatory environment', 'evolving cryptocurrency market', 'digital payments business', '7 diversified index ETNs', '5 staking ETNs', 'Stanford University', 'investment banking', '2008 financial crisis', 'prominent exchanges', 'business owner', 'digital assets', 'volatile markets', 'traditional finance', 'largest issuer', 'recent news', 'latest expansion', 'asset class', 'Nasdaq OMX', 'Euronext Paris', 'existing bank', 'brokerage accounts', 'constructed funds', 'integral role', 'clear role', 'transformational potential', 'largest suite', 'wide range', 'investor needs', 'additional returns', 'price declines', 'European assets', 'high-resolution images', 'Christian Round', 'specific problem', 'former banker', 'secure alternatives', 'economic instability', 'ultimate mission', 'Egyptian businessman', 'computer engineer', 'gaming sites', 'multiple start-ups', 'considerable profit', 'Silicon Valley', 'Stanford campus', 'Alex Pollak', 'crypto world', 'UK market', 'institutional investors', 'everyday investors', 'decentralised finance', '2 inverse ETNs', 'professional investors', 'global growth', 'secure access', 'institutional interest', 'global world', 'burgeoning world', 'Ophelia Snyder', 'growing demand', 'The UK', 'top cryptocurrencies', '40 ETNs', '28th', 'ETPs', 'launch', 'GBP', 'USD', 'listings', 'response', 'milestone', 'Amsterdam', 'exposure', 'founder', 'firm', 'part', 'evolution', 'people', 'point', 'view', 'More', 'space', 'sector', 'basket', 'management', 'AUM', '24 May', 'information', 'teneo', 'Editors', 'backgrounds', 'technology', 'bridge', 'career', 'mother', 'discussion', 'impact', 'times', 'Cairo', 'Alexandria', 'grandfather', 'expertise', 'cryptography', 'journey', 'MBA', 'Columbia', 'Head', 'Israel', '15 years', 'BlackRock']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,globenewswire.com
41780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Reports-Financial-Results-for-First-Quarter-2024-46844768/,Cellectis Reports Financial Results for First Quarter 2024,(marketscreener.com) •  Cellectis announced completion of the additional equity investment of $140M by AstraZeneca •  Cash position of $143 million as of March 31  20241; cash runway projection into 20262 •  Conference call and webcast scheduled for tomorrow …,"• Cellectis announced completion of the additional equity investment of $140M by AstraZeneca• Cash position of $143 million as of March 31  20241; cash runway projection into 20262• Conference call and webcast scheduled for tomorrow  May 29  2024 at 8:00AM ET / 2:00PM CETNEW YORK  May 28  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today provided business updates and reported financial results for the three-month period ending March 31  2024.“We are thrilled to have announced the closing of the additional equity investment of $140 million by AstraZeneca. This followed AstraZeneca’s initial payment of $105 million  composed of a $80 million equity investment and a $25 million upfront payment under our research collaboration.“Following AstraZeneca’s additional investment  we expect our cash runway to fund operations into 2026. We will continue to focus our efforts and expenses on advancing its core clinical trials BALLI-01  NATHALI-01 and AMELI-01  which remain wholly owned assets  while building  within our owned preclinical pipeline and in collaboration with AstraZeneca  the next generation of medicines to address areas of high unmet patient needs.“We strongly believe that gene edited cell and gene therapy products are revolutionizing medicine across a number of therapeutic areas and will become a large part of molecular medicine of the future ” said André Choulika  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer at Cellectis.__________________1 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash and fixed-term deposits classified as current -financial assets. Restricted cash was $5 million as of March 31  2024. Fixed-term deposits classified as current-financial assets was $15 million as of March 31  2024.2 Cash runway includes the additional investment by AstraZeneca of $140 million  completed on May 3  2024.Pipeline HighlightsUCART Clinical ProgramsCellectis continues to focus on the enrollment of patients in the BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)  in the NATHALI-01 study (evaluating UCART20x22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r B-NHL)  and in the AMELI-01 study (evaluating UCART123) in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML).We expect to provide updates in the advancements of BALLI-01 and NATHALI-01 by year-end 2024.PartnershipsLicensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development ProgramsAnti-CD19 programAllogene’s investigational oncology products utilize Cellectis technologies. Servier  which has an exclusive license to the anti-CD19 investigational products from Cellectis  has granted Allogene an exclusive sublicense to these products in the U.S.  European Union and the United Kingdom.Allogene announced the execution with Servier of an amendment to the sublicense to expand the licensed territory to the European Union and the United Kingdom.Allogene announced that it continues to focus on the development of its investigational product cemacabtagene ansegedleucel  or cema-cel (previously known as ALLO-501A)  as part of the first line (1L) treatment plan for LBCL patients who are at risk of relapse following 1L chemoimmunotherapy. Allogene announced that start-up activities for the ALPHA3 trial are ongoing with a planned study initiation in mid-2024.Allogene further announced that enrollment is ongoing in the relapsed/refractory (r/r) CLL cohort of the Phase 1 ALPHA2 trial of cema-cel.Anti-CD70 programThe anti-CD70 program is licensed exclusively from Cellectis by Allogene and Allogene holds global development and commercial rights to this program.Allogene announced that a Phase 1 data update of the ongoing TRAVERSE trial with ALLO-316 in RCC from approximately 20 patients with CD70 positive RCC is planned by YE 2024.Corporate UpdatesCollaboration and Investment Agreements with AstraZenecaOn May 6  2024  Cellectis announced the completion of the subsequent investment of $140M in Cellectis by AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN).AstraZeneca subscribed for 10 000 000 “class A” convertible preferred shares and 18 000 000 “class B” convertible preferred shares  in each case at a price of $5.00 per convertible preferred share  issued by the board of directors of Cellectis.AstraZeneca owns approximately 44% of the share capital and 30% of the voting rights of the Company (based on the number of voting rights currently outstanding).AppointmentOn May 2  2024  Cellectis announced the appointment of Mr. Arthur Stril as Interim Chief Financial Officer  following the resignation of Bing Wang  Ph.D.The appointment of Mr. Marc Dunoyer and Dr. Tyrell Rivers as members of the board of directors of Cellectis  decided by the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of Cellectis held on December 22  2023  is effective as from May 3  2024.Financial ResultsThe interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Cellectis have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).As from June 1  2023 and the deconsolidation of Calyxt  which corresponded to the Plants operating segment  we view our operations and manage our business in a single operating and reportable segment corresponding to the Therapeutics segment. For this reason  we are no longer presenting financial measures broken down between our two reportable segments – Therapeutics and Plants. In the appendices of this Q1 2024 financial results press release  Calyxt's results are isolated under ""Income (loss) from discontinued operations"" for the 3-month period ended March 31  2023  and are no longer included for the 3-month period ended March 31  2024  due to the deconsolidation.Cash: As of March 31  2024  Cellectis had $143 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash and fixed-term deposits classified as current-financial assets. This compares to $156 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash and fixed-term deposits classified as current-financial assets as of December 31  2023. This $13 million decrease is mainly due to cash payments from Cellectis to suppliers of $13 million  including $9 million to R&D suppliers and $4 million to SG&A suppliers  wages  bonuses and social expenses paid of $15 million  the payments of lease debts of $3 million and the repayment of the “PGE” loan of $1 million  partially offset by the $16 million cash received from EIB pursuant to the disbursement of the €15 million Tranche B and $2 million of cash-in from our financial investments.With cash and cash equivalents of $123 million and a $15 million term deposit maturing in May 2024 classified as a current financial asset as of March 31  2024  and taking into account the $140 million equity investment received on May 3  2024 from AstraZeneca pursuant to the Subsequent Investment Agreement  the Company believes its cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its operations into 2026 and therefore for at least twelve months following the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements' publication.Revenues and Other Income: Consolidated revenues and other income were $6.5 million for the three months ended March 31  2024 compared to $3.6 million for the three months ended March 31  2023. This $2.9 million increase between the three months ended March 31  2023 and 2024 was mainly attributable to (i) recognition of a $4.4 million revenue in 2024 based on the progress of our performance obligation rendered under the first Research Plan of the JRCA with AZ Ireland while revenues recognized for the three months ended March 31  2023 was immaterial  (ii) a decrease of research tax credit of $1.2 million due to a decrease of eligible expenses  and (iii) the recognition in the three-month periods ended March 31  2023 of $0.3 million representing the portion of an initial payments from BPI corresponding to a grant pursuant to our grant and repayable advance agreement with BPI signed in March 2023.R&D Expenses: Consolidated R&D expenses were $22.3 million for the three months ended March 31  2024  compared to $21.1 million for the three months ended March 31  2023. R&D personnel expenses decreased by $0.3 million from $10.3 million in 2023 to $10.0 million in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in the average unit fair value of stock options and free share awards vesting between the two periods. R&D purchases  external expenses and other increased by $0.9 million (from $11.1 million in 2023 to $12.3 million in 2024) mainly related to increase in manufacturing activities to support our R&D pipeline.SG&A Expenses: Consolidated SG&A expenses were $5.1 million for the three months ended March 31  2024 compared to $5.0 million for the three months ended March 31  2023. SG&A personnel expenses are stable (from $2.1 million in 2023 to $2.1 million in 2024)  with a $0.2 million increase in salaries being offset by a $0.2 million decrease in stock-based compensation expenses. SG&A purchases  external expenses and other increased by $0.1 million (from $2.9 million in 2023 to $3.0 million in 2024).Other operating income and expenses: Other operating income and expenses were a $0.0 million net income for the three months ended March 31  2024 compared to a $0.6 million net expense for the three months ended March 31  2023. Other operating income and expenses included costs related to a commercial litigation for $0.5 million in 2023  whereas no significant item was recognized in 2024.Net financial gain (loss): We had a consolidated net financial gain of $26.3 million for the three months ended March 31  2024  compared to a $4.4 million loss for the three months ended March 31  2023. This $30.7 million difference reflects mainly (i) a $21.3 million gain in change in fair value of the Subsequent Investment Agreement derivative instrument  (ii) a $1.4 million increase in gain from our financial investments  (iii) a $1.4 million gain in change in fair value of our investment in Cibus  (iv) a $1.3 million gain in change in fair value of EIB warrants tranche A and B  (v) an increase in our net foreign exchange gain of $3.2 million and (vi) the loss in fair value measurement on Cytovia convertible note recognized in the three months period ended March 31  2023 of $3.3 million  partially offset by a $0.8 million interest expense on EIB Tranche A and Tranche B loans.Net income (loss) from discontinued operations: Net loss from discontinued operations of $4.7 million for the three months ended March 31  2023 corresponded to Calyxt’s results. Since Calyxt has been deconsolidated since June 1  2023  there is no longer any ""Income (loss) from discontinued operations"" for the three months ended March 31  2024.Net Income (loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: Consolidated net income attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $5.6 million (or a $0.08 income per share) for the three months ended March 31  2024  compared to a $30.1 million loss (or a $0.58 loss per share) for the three months ended March 31  2023  of which $27.8 million was attributed to Cellectis continuing operations. This $38.2 million difference was primarily driven by (i) an increase in revenues and other income of $2.9 million  (ii) a decrease of $0.7 million in non-cash stock based compensation expense  (iii) a $30.7 million change from a net financial loss of $4.4 million to a net financial gain of $26.3 million and (iv) a decrease in net other operating expense of $0.6 million  and (v) a $2.5 million decrease in net loss from discontinued operations attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  partially offset by (i) an increase of $1.3 million in purchases  external expenses and other and (ii) an increase of $0.4 million in wages.Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: Consolidated adjusted net income attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $6.5 million (or a $0.09 income per share) for the three months ended March 31  2024  compared to a net loss of $28.1 million (or a $0.55 loss per share) for the three months ended March 31  2023.Please see ""Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial Measures"" for reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.We currently foresee focusing our cash spending at Cellectis for 2024 in the following areas:Supporting the development of our pipeline of product candidates  including the manufacturing and clinical trial expenses of UCART22  UCART20x22  UCART123 and potential new product candidates  andOperating our state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities in Paris (France)  and Raleigh (North Carolina  USA); andContinuing strengthening our manufacturing and clinical departments.CELLECTIS S.A.STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)($ in thousands) As of December 31  2023 March 31  2024 ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets 671 677 Property  plant  and equipment 54 681 52 051 Right-of-use assets 38 060 35 787 Non-current financial assets 7 853 7 870 Total non-current assets 101 265 96 386 Current assets Trade receivables 569 16 036 Subsidies receivables 20 900 23 100 Other current assets 7 722 5 429 Current deferred tax assets 409 Cash and cash equivalent and Current financial assets 203 815 213 099 Total current assets 233 005 258 073 TOTAL ASSETS 334 270 354 459 LIABILITIES Shareholders’ equity Share capital 4 365 4 376 Premiums related to the share capital 522 785 523 596 Currency translation adjustment (36 690 ) (37 243 ) Retained earnings (304 707 ) (405 808 ) Net income (loss) (101 059 ) 5 643 Total shareholders’ equity - Group Share 84 695 90 566 Non-controlling interests 0 0 Total shareholders’ equity 84 695 90 566 Non-current liabilities Non-current financial liabilities 49 125 62 618 Non-current lease debts 42 948 40 587 Non-current provisions 2 200 2 241 Non-current deferred tax liabilities 158 0 Total non-current liabilities 94 431 105 446 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 5 289 5 174 Current lease debts 8 502 8 404 Trade payables 19 069 16 051 Deferred revenues and deferred income 110 325 120 556 Current provisions 1 740 960 Current deferred tax liabilities 137 Other current liabilities 10 219 7 165 Total current liabilities 155 144 158 447 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 334 270 354 459Cellectis S.A.UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS($ in thousands  except per share amounts) For the three-month period ended March 31  2023 2024 Revenues and other income Revenues 139 4 528 Other income 3 420 1 970 Total revenues and other income 3 559 6 498 Operating expenses Research and development expenses (21 415 ) (22 324 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (4 964 ) (5 104 ) Other operating income (expenses) (611 ) 35 Total operating expenses (26 990 ) (27 791 ) Operating income (loss) (23 431 ) (21 293 ) Financial gain (loss) (4 402 ) 26 275 Income tax 0 262 Income (loss) from continuing operations (27 833 ) 5 643 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (4 691 ) 0 Net income (loss) (32 525 ) 5 643 Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (30 074 ) 5 643 Attributable to non-controlling interests (2 450 ) 0 Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.58 ) 0.08 Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.58 ) (0.15 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.04 ) 0.00 Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.04 ) 0.00 Number of shares used for computing Basic 51 452 348 71 810 231 Diluted 51 452 348 103 093 741Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCellectis S.A. presents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis in this press release. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis is not a measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. We have included in this press release a reconciliation of this figure to net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with IFRS.Because adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis excludes Non-cash stock-based compensation expense—a non-cash expense  we believe that this financial measure  when considered together with our IFRS financial statements  can enhance an overall understanding of Cellectis’ financial performance. Moreover  our management views the Company’s operations  and manages its business  based  in part  on this financial measure. In particular  we believe that the elimination of Non-cash stock-based expenses from Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core businesses. Our use of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis has limitations as an analytical tool  and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies  including companies in our industry which use similar stock-based compensation  may address the impact of Non-cash stock- based compensation expense differently; and (b) other companies may report adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently  which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations  you should consider adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis alongside our IFRS financial results  including Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME (unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data) For the three-month period ended March 31  2023 2024 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (30 074 ) 5 643 Adjustment: Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 1 979 887 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (28 095 ) 6 530 Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.55 ) 0.09 Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($ /share) (0.10 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) 51 452 348 71 810 231 Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.55 ) (0.14) Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($/share) (0.10 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) 51 452 348 103 093 741About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 24 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “expect ” “will ” “believe ” and “may”  or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about the advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of clinical data  the potential of our clinical and preclinical programs  and the sufficiency of cash to fund operations. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product candidates development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2023 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Cellectis Reports', 'Financial Results', 'First Quarter', 'Partnerships Licensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development Programs', '10,000,000 “class A” convertible preferred shares', '18,000,000 “class B” convertible preferred shares', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'high unmet patient needs', 'refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma', 'investigational product cemacabtagene ansegedleucel', 'pioneering gene editing platform', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'UCART Clinical Programs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'core clinical trials', 'Phase 1 data update', 'Mr. Arthur Stril', 'Mr. Marc Dunoyer', 'Dr. Tyrell Rivers', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'investigational oncology products', 'Phase 1 ALPHA2 trial', 'ongoing TRAVERSE trial', '$25 million upfront payment', '$80 million equity investment', 'anti-CD19 investigational products', 'gene therapy products', 'current -financial assets', 'CD70 positive RCC', 'additional equity investment', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'cash runway projection', 'global development', 'additional investment', 'financial results', 'ALPHA3 trial', 'gene therapies', 'initial payment', 'share capital', 'Investment Agreements', 'subsequent investment', '2 Cash runway', 'Anti-CD19 program', 'Cash position', 'Conference call', '2:00PM CET', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'three-month period', 'preclinical pipeline', 'next generation', 'André Choulika', 'Ph.D.', 'cash equivalents', 'restricted cash', 'fixed-term deposits', 'current-financial assets', 'Pipeline Highlights', 'NATHALI-01 study', 'exclusive license', 'U.S.', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'first line', '1L chemoimmunotherapy', 'start-up activities', 'study initiation', 'CLL cohort', 'commercial rights', 'voting rights', 'Bing Wang', 'consolidated finan', 'Anti-CD70 program', 'business updates', 'Corporate Updates', 'life-saving cell', 'therapeutic areas', 'large part', 'molecular medicine', 'BALLI-01 study', 'AMELI-01 study', 'exclusive sublicense', 'research collaboration', 'LBCL patients', 'Cellectis technologies', '20 patients', 'completion', 'AstraZeneca', 'March', 'webcast', 'tomorrow', 'May', '8:00AM', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'closing', 'operations', 'efforts', 'expenses', 'medicines', 'number', 'future', 'enrollment', 'UCART22', 'B-ALL', 'UCART20x22', 'B-NHL', 'UCART123', 'relapsed', 'AML', 'advancements', 'year-end', 'Servier', 'execution', 'amendment', 'territory', '01A', 'risk', 'mid-2024', 'cema-cel', 'YE 2024', 'AZN', 'case', 'price', 'board', 'directors', 'Appointment', 'resignation', 'members', 'shareholders', 'December']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/05/28/global-markets-slip-as-investors-await-key-inflation-data/,Global markets slip as investors await key inflation data,Renewable energy group Corre Energy saw its value climb 7% in Dublin after it started a share sale to investors,The Nasdaq breached the 17 000 level for the first time on Tuesday. Photograph: Angela Weiss/Getty ImagesA global equities index fell slightly on Tuesday while Treasury yields rose as investors awaited inflation data due later in the week for potential clues about the outlook for US interest rates.DublinEuronext Dublin finished down 30 basis points on what was a muted day for the market.Renewable energy group Corre Energy saw its value climb 7 per cent after it started a share sale to existing investors to give them a chance to avoid their stakes being diluted by a placing of €2.12 million of stock with founders and a long-term shareholder.It was an otherwise unremarkable day of trading  but there was some activity among the banks as AIB climbed 30 basis points and Bank of Ireland slipped 5 basis points.READ MOREBudget airline Ryanair was flat on the day. “There is a still a good bit of interest following the results  and they had the roadshow  but it was a muted enough day nonetheless ” said a trader.Elsewhere  insulation specialist Kingspan was down 1.6 per cent at close of business  but the move was in line with the sector. Box-maker Smurfit Kappa traded good volumes  and finished the day up 16 basis points.LondonThe UK’s stock markets struggled to get off the ground as losses for gambling giants pulled on the FTSE 100. The blue-chip index was down 0.76 per cent at close of business.Flutter Entertainment and Entain were the biggest fallers of the day  with Paddy Power Betfair owner Flutter in the midst of moving its primary listing to the US.It is reportedly facing higher taxes on sports betting across the pond  thanks to a new bill passed in Illinois.The losses were only partially offset by gains for some retailers  including JD Sports and Ocado  after new figures showed UK shop price inflation had returned to “normal levels”.British Retail Consortium-NielsenIQ Shop Price Index showed that shop prices in May were 0.6 per cent higher than a year earlier  the lowest growth since November 2021.But experts said it was not clear what was driving a recent surge in Ocado’s share price  which spiked by nearly a 10th on Tuesday.Shares in Persimmon dipped amid speculation that the FTSE 100-listed housebuilder is considering a £1 billion (€1.17 billion) takeover bid for Cala Group. But investors appeared to be lukewarm about the possibility of a deal  and its share price was 3 per cent lower at close.Elsewhere  shares in Boohoo edged lower after the fashion retailer said it was ditching to plans to pay a £1 million annual bonus to each of its top bosses.The company said its executive directors had chosen to waive their bonuses after it reportedly came under pressure from shareholders. Its share price was 0.6 per cent lower at close.EuropeIt was a weak session for top stock markets elsewhere in Europe. Germany’s Dax was down 0.48 per cent at close and France’s Cac 40 closed 0.92 per cent lower.MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe fell 0.15 per cent  while Europe’s Stoxx 600 index fell 0.72 per cent.New YorkThe Nasdaq breached the 17 000 level for the first time  buoyed as AI darling Nvidia jumped to a record high  even as focus shifted to key inflation data later in the week that could sway expectations for the Federal Reserve’s rate-cut path.Nvidia’s gains lifted its fellow chip stocks  with the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index up 1.7 per cent as traders returned from a holiday-extended weekend.The Dow lagged other indexes as healthcare and financial stocks dragged. Healthcare also led the S&P 500 subsector losses  weighed by an 8 per cent drop in Moderna.The possibility that the world’s most influential central bank could kick off interest-rate cuts this year has sent Wall Street on a record-breaking rally since late 2023  with the Nasdaq and S&P 500 marking their fifth straight week of gains on Friday. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,mixed,0.1,0.27,0.63,True,English,"['key inflation data', 'Global markets', 'investors', 'British Retail Consortium-NielsenIQ Shop Price Index', 'Paddy Power Betfair owner Flutter', 'UK shop price inflation', 'S&P 500 subsector losses', 'global equities index', 'Philadelphia Semiconductor Index', 'Budget airline Ryanair', '£1 million annual bonus', '8 per cent drop', 'key inflation data', 'Renewable energy group', 'FTSE 100-listed housebuilder', 'AI darling Nvidia', 'fellow chip stocks', 'influential central bank', 'fifth straight week', 'US interest rates', 'top stock markets', 'shop prices', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'blue-chip index', 'share price', 'Stoxx 600 index', 'The UK', 'Corre Energy', 'Cala Group', 'top bosses', 'first time', 'Angela Weiss', 'Getty Images', 'Treasury yields', 'potential clues', 'share sale', 'long-term shareholder', 'good bit', 'insulation specialist', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'good volumes', 'gambling giants', 'biggest fallers', 'primary listing', 'higher taxes', 'sports betting', 'new bill', 'JD Sports', 'new figures', 'normal levels', 'lowest growth', 'recent surge', 'takeover bid', 'fashion retailer', 'executive directors', 'weak session', 'New York', 'record high', 'Federal Reserve', 'rate-cut path', 'holiday-extended weekend', 'The Dow', 'other indexes', 'financial stocks', 'interest-rate cuts', 'Wall Street', 'record-breaking rally', 'Additional reporting', 'The Nasdaq', 'Euronext Dublin', 'muted day', 'unremarkable day', 'existing investors', '30 basis points', '17,000 level', 'Tuesday', 'Photograph', 'outlook', 'value', 'chance', 'stakes', 'placing', 'founders', 'trading', 'activity', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'READ', 'results', 'roadshow', 'trader', 'Kingspan', 'close', 'business', 'move', 'Box-maker', 'London', 'ground', 'Entain', 'midst', 'pond', 'Illinois', 'gains', 'retailers', 'Ocado', 'May', 'November', 'experts', 'Shares', 'Persimmon', 'speculation', '£1 billion', 'possibility', 'deal', 'Boohoo', 'plans', 'company', 'bonuses', 'pressure', 'shareholders', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'Cac', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'focus', 'expectations', 'healthcare', 'Moderna', 'world', 'late', 'Friday', 'Agencies']",2024-05-28,2024-05-29,irishtimes.com
41782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REINET-INVESTMENTS-S-C-A-12416878/news/CONSOLIDATED-AUDITED-FINANCIAL-RESULTS-FOR-THE-YEAR-ENDED-31-MARCH-2024-AND-PROPOSED-DIVIDEND-46836479/,CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND,(marketscreener.com) Reinet Investments SCA / Key word: Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND 28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. …,Reinet Investments SCA / Key word(s): Quarter ResultsCONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND PROPOSED DIVIDEND28-May-2024 / 07:35 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LRThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Board of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. announces the results of Reinet Investments S.C.A. for the year ended 31 March 2024 Key financial dataReinet’s net asset value of € 6.2 billion reflects a compound growth rate of 8.8 per cent per annum in euro terms  since March 2009  including dividends paidThe net asset value at 31 March 2024 reflects an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from € 5 720 million at 31 March 2023Net asset value per share at 31 March 2024: € 34.02 (31 March 2023: € 31.46)Commitments totalling € 61 million in respect of new and existing investments were made during the year  with a total of € 128 million fundedDividends from British American Tobacco p.l.c. during the year amounted to € 130 millionInaugural dividend of € 57 million from Pension Insurance Corporation Group LimitedReinet dividend of € 0.30 per share  amounting to some € 55 million (excluding treasury shares)  paid during the yearProposed Reinet dividend of € 0.35 per share payable after the 2024 annual general meeting  increase of 16.67 per cent over prior year (September 2023: € 0.30 per share) CHAIRMAN’S COMMENTARY Dear Shareholder  Overview During the past year we have seen interest rates and inflation starting to decline in some major economies with available liquidity from the private and banking sectors for capital investments showing early signs of improvement  however the costs thereof remain high. Reinet’s portfolio remains well positioned to manage through these challenges with sufficient liquid resources on hand. Capital invested during the year amounted to some € 128 million  which was mostly in respect of funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and Coatue. Reinet has cash resources of some € 357 million and access to additional funds by way of additional borrowing facilities to meet investment obligations and other opportunities as they arise. Since its inception in 2008  Reinet has generated an annual return of 8.3 per cent for its investors based on the Reinet share price  with the underlying net asset value reflecting an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. Results At 31 March 2024  Reinet’s net asset value amounted to some € 6.2 billion  an increase of € 464 million or 8.1 per cent from 31 March 2023. The increase reflects the increase in value of Pension Insurance Corporation together with the receipt of significant dividends from both Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco  offset primarily by a decrease in the share price of British American Tobacco. The strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year also contributed to the positive results. Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation’s adjusted own funds increased from £ 5.9 billion to £ 6.3 billion over the last year with new business premiums increasing from £ 4.1 billion to £ 6.9 billion mainly due to the conclusion of the largest ever UK bulk annuity transaction in respect of a buy-in with the Trustees of two schemes sponsored by RSA Group. The board of Pension Insurance Corporation proposed an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2023. Reinet’s share of this dividend amounted to some £ 50 million. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Insurance Corporation approved a second dividend of 11 pence per ordinary share which was paid to shareholders in May 2024. Reinet’s share of this second dividend amounted to some £ 73 million. The investment in British American Tobacco decreased in value in the year due to its share price decreasing from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024. At the British American Tobacco annual general meeting in April 2024  shareholders approved a dividend increase of 2 per cent to £ 2.36 per share. British American Tobacco continues to follow its strategic path to ‘A Better Tomorrow’ which means it is committed to building a smokeless world by migrating its cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. Its board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation and have set a target of 50 per cent of revenue from ‘non-combustibles’ by 2035. TruArc continues to pursue new opportunities and in early 2024  launched the TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  a fund seeking to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors  by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Reinet committed some € 17 million to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund as part of the first close and expects to commit further amounts at subsequent closings. Reinet’s total outstanding commitment to TruArc managed funds now stands at € 122 million  with some € 330 million invested to date. In 2009  Reinet announced its decision to invest in the private equity management business formerly owned by Lehman Brothers  the business was subsequently renamed Trilantic Capital Partners. As Reinet’s first private equity fund investment  uninvested limited partner commitments were taken over in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners’ Fund IV North America and Fund IV Europe. 15 years later  practically all underlying investments in these two funds have been realised. Over the years  Reinet has invested in a total of six funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  with € 517 million invested  € 597million distributed and a remaining carrying value of € 443 million. During the past year  total capital distributions of € 55 million were received and capital contributions of € 23 million paid. The Coatue Structured Funds continue to focus on privately negotiated structured financing transactions using their sector experience and platform resources to source these proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions  predominantly in the US technology sector. Reinet invested an additional € 20 million during the year  with a total outstanding commitment of € 209 million. Dividend The Board of Directors of Reinet Investments Manager S.A. proposes a dividend of € 0.35 per share  payable in September 2024. This represents a 16.67 per cent increase from last year. Outlook In 2023  the World Health Organisation officially declared the end of the COVID-19 pandemic however  we are faced with the ongoing Ukraine crisis  increasing unrest in the Middle East  heightened global geopolitical tensions  continuing elevated interest rates and stubborn inflation. We will continue to seek new investment opportunities and partnerships which fulfil our objective of providing long term capital growth and to support our existing portfolio companies to be successful against the global backdrop set out above. As with all conscientious investors we will need to generate returns for our shareholders from sustainable business practices and try to mitigate the ever-increasing risks posed by global warming. The introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union will bring enhanced sustainability reporting requirements over the next few years. As we see in other parts of the world  investors and businesses will need to focus more resources on reducing their impact on the environment while promoting investment in sustainable business practices. Reinet’s two largest investments  Pension Insurance Corporation and British American Tobacco already have well developed strategies in this regard. I would like to thank Reinet’s Directors  Board of Overseers  management and employees for their commitment to Reinet and to our partners in the investment community for their contribution to Reinet’s performance during the year. Johann Rupert Chairman Reinet Investments Manager S.A. Luxembourg  27 May 2024 BUSINESS OVERVIEW The Company has determined that it meets the definition of an investment entity in terms of International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) 10. The net asset value  the income statement and the cash flow statement included in this business overview have however been presented in a more comprehensive format than required by IFRS in order to provide readers with detailed information relating to the underlying assets and liabilities. Net asset value The net asset value (‘NAV’) at 31 March 2024 and 2023 comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m % € m % Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. 1 359 22.0 1 561 27.3 Other listed investments 93 1.5 83 1.4 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited 3 436 55.6 2 787 48.7 Private equity and related partnerships 1 167 18.9 1 138 19.9 Trilantic Capital Partners 443 7.2 472 8.2 Funds and related general partners TruArc Partners 372 6.0 301 5.3 Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company Coatue funds 73 1.2 50 0.9 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds 171 2.8 219 3.8 Milestone China Opportunities fund 13 44 Prescient China funds and management company 124 143 Asia Partners funds 34 32 Specialised investment funds 108 1.7 96 1.7 NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 107 94 Other fund investments 1 2 United States land development and mortgages 21 0.3 26 0.5 Other investments 75 1.2 58 1.0 Total investments 6 151 99.5 5 653 98.8 Cash and liquid funds 357 5.7 288 5.1 Bank borrowings (229) (3.7) (217) (3.8) Other liabilities Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets (95) (1.5) (4) (0.1) Net asset value 6 184 100.0 5 720 100.0 All investments are held  either directly or indirectly  by Reinet Fund. Information relating to current key investments AT 31 MARCH 2024 Committed amount(1) in millions Remaining committed amount(1) in millions Invested amount(2) in millions Realised amount(2) in millions Current fair value(1) in millions Total realised and unrealised value(3) in millions Listed investments British American Tobacco p.l.c. EUR - - 1 739 3 415 1 359 4 774 GBP - - 1 418 2 866 1 162 4 028 Other listed investments EUR - - 127 68 93 161 USD - - 146 78 100 178 Unlisted investments Pension Insurance Corporation Group EUR - - 1 315 57 3 436 3 493 Limited GBP - - 1 112 50 2 938 2 988 Trilantic Capital Partners EUR 596 95 517 597 443 1 040 Euro investment EUR 85 19 66 149 44 193 US dollar investment(4) USD 552 82 514 524 431 955 TruArc Partners EUR 464 122 330 225 372 597 USD 500 132 368 253 402 655 Coatue funds EUR USD 278 300 209 225 70 75 - - 73 79 73 79 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Milestone China Opportunities funds and EUR - - 130 164 13 177 management company USD - - 169 185 14 199 Prescient China funds and management EUR - - 79 4 124 128 company USD - - 94 4 134 138 Asia Partners funds EUR 67 37 28 - 34 34 USD 73 40 33 - 37 37 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities EUR 173 47 123 62 107 169 Euro investment EUR – – 4 5 – 5 US dollar investment USD 187 51 136 68 115 183 United States land development and EUR 198 5 160 71 21 92 mortgages USD 214 5 209 78 23 101 Calculated using year-end foreign exchange rates. Calculated using actual foreign exchange rates at transaction date. Total of realised proceeds and current fair value. The invested amount for Trilantic Capital Partners includes an initial payment of $ 10 million. PERFORMANCE NET ASSET VALUE The NAV comprises total assets less total liabilities  and equates to total equity under International Financial Reporting Standards. The increase in the NAV of € 464 million during the year reflects increases in the estimated fair value and gains realised on certain investments including Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited (‘Pension Corporation’)  other listed investments  Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and NanoDimension funds together with dividends received from British American Tobacco p.l.c. (‘BAT’) and Pension Corporation. Offsetting these increases are decreases in the estimated fair value of certain investments including BAT  Prescient China funds and Milestone China Opportunities fund together with the dividend paid by the Company and expenses in respect of management and performance fees. Details of the Company’s NAV and details of movements in key investments can be found on pages 6 and 7 of this report. Reinet records its assets and liabilities in euro; the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro has resulted in an overall increase in the value of certain assets and liabilities in euro terms. Applying current year-end exchange rates to the March 2023 assets and liabilities would have resulted in an increase in the March 2023 NAV of some € 129 million. SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMME As at 31 March 2024  there was no share buyback programme in progress. The Company repurchased 14 151 395 ordinary shares between November 2018 and May 2022 under five share buyback programmes. The cost of the ordinary shares repurchased amounted to € 222 million  plus transaction costs. Details of each completed share buyback programme to date can be found in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. All ordinary shares repurchased are held as treasury shares. NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE The NAV per share of the Company is calculated by dividing the NAV by the number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury shares) of 181 790 891 (31 March 2023: 181 790 891). 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 Shares in issue 195 942 286 195 942 286 Treasury shares (14 151 395) (14 151 395) Net shares 181 790 891 181 790 891 € m € m NAV (see page 4) 6 184 5 720 € per share € per share NAV per share 34.02 31.46 SHARE PRICE The Company’s indicative share price as quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange increased by 18.1 per cent in the year from € 18.80 at 31 March 2023 to € 22.20 at 31 March 2024  with the highest trade being at € 23.00 during the year. The total shareholder return since inception (taking into account the initial price of € 7.1945 and including dividends paid) is 8.3 per cent per annum. The growth in NAV  including dividends paid  reflects an 8.8 per cent compounded increase since March 2009. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. Share prices as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 were as follows: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 ZAR EUR ZAR EUR Luxembourg - 22.20 - 18.80 Amsterdam - 22.20 - 19.00 Johannesburg 458.23 - 365.06 - GLOBAL MARKETS BACKDROP During the year  global markets continued to be impacted by the effects of the Ukraine crisis  turmoil in the Middle East  high interest rates and inflation. Whilst inflation has started to fall  high prices continue to put significant pressure on households and consumers as many central banks hold interest rates at current levels to mitigate the inflation concerns. The extent and impact of these factors remain uncertain. Reinet has no direct exposure to Russia  Ukraine or the Middle East through its underlying investments or banking relationships and has not experienced any significant direct impacts in respect of interest rate fluctuations or inflation. Reinet has various banking relationships with highly rated institutions  and a well-diversified approach to cash and liquidity management. Reinet continues to value its investments in line with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (‘IPEV’) guidelines and its approved valuation procedures and methodologies. All investment valuations have been prepared using latest available data  including exchange rates and listed share prices as at 31 March 2024. Discussions have taken place with fund managers and investee companies to determine any significant changes in value and any impacts related to the various geo-political areas of conflict  volatility in stock and currency markets  interest rates  inflation and exposure to certain financial institutions. Future valuations will take into account any new impacts of the above  which could affect the valuation of underlying investments. INVESTMENTS Reinet seeks  through a range of investment structures  to build partnerships with other investors  specialised fund managers and entrepreneurs to find and develop opportunities for long-term value creation for its shareholders. Since its formation in 2008  Reinet has invested some € 3.7 billion and at 31 March 2024 committed to provide further funding of € 559 million to its current investments. Details of the funding commitments outstanding are given in the table on page 21 of this report. New commitments during the year under review amounted to € 61 million  and a total of € 128 million was funded during the year. LISTED INVESTMENTS BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C. The investment in BAT remains one of Reinet’s largest investments and is kept under constant review  considering the company’s performance  the industry outlook  cash flows from dividends  stock market performance  volatility and liquidity. Luc Jobin  Chairman  and Tadeu Marroco  Chief Executive  writing in the BAT annual report for 2023 commented: Luc Jobin: ‘Our strategy and purpose were discussed extensively during 2023. The result of these discussions was the decision to provide greater clarity on what we mean by ‘A Better Tomorrow’. It means we are committed to building a smokeless world. This is a commitment to migrate our cigarette consumers actively  sustainably and responsibly to reduced risk  smokeless alternatives. We believe that growth within the smokeless category will be driven by sustained investment in our brands and targeted innovation to respond to evolving consumer preferences and tastes. While sustained volatility and uncertainty will continue to present challenges  we believe BAT remains well-positioned and resilient. We are diversified by category  price point and geography. Our smokeless portfolio has been designed to take advantage of sectorial shifts and our people are highly engaged with a track record of delivery during uncertain times. BAT’s board and leadership team remain focused on securing long-term  sustainable value creation  by nurturing BAT’s culture  building our brands and delivering ‘A Better Tomorrow’ for our stakeholders.’ Tadeu Marroco: ‘During 2023  the underlying strengths of BAT were reflected in our performance  despite a challenging environment. While total group revenue declined 1.3 per cent  revenue at constant currency was up 1.6 per cent despite the negative impact due to the sale of Russia and Belarus partway through the year. There was another strong performance from our ‘New Categories’ which are now profitable at the category contribution level  driven by higher revenue (up 15.6 per cent  or 17.8 per cent on a constant currency basis). We currently have 24 million consumers of ‘Non-Combustible’ products and revenue from these products now accounts for 16.5 per cent of group revenue. As a business  we are committed to becoming a predominantly smokeless business  targeting 50 per cent of our revenue from ‘Non-Combustibles’ by 2035. We are an organisation ready to deliver  with operational excellence and an ability to flexibly manage our capital allocation decisions for the benefit of all stakeholders.’ During the year under review  dividend income recorded from BAT amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million)  being BAT’s second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends  together with the first 2024 quarterly dividend of some € 33 million (£ 28 million) with a record date of 22 March 2024. The first 2024 quarterly dividend was paid on 2 May 2024 and has been included as a receivable in the NAV as at 31 March 2024  due to the record date falling within this financial year. Reinet holds 48.3 million shares in BAT (31 March 2023: 48.3 million)  representing some 2.16 per cent of BAT’s issued share capital. The value of Reinet’s investment in BAT amounted to € 1 359 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 1 561 million)  being some 22.0 per cent of Reinet’s NAV. The decrease in value reflects the decrease in the BAT share price on the London Stock Exchange from £ 28.41 at 31 March 2023 to £ 24.06 at 31 March 2024 offset by the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year. Further information on BAT is available in its combined Annual and Sustainability report at www.bat.com. OTHER LISTED INVESTMENTS Other listed investments comprised: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Grab Holdings Limited 31 29 Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. * 1 2 Soho China Limited 3 7 SPDR Gold shares 44 39 Twist Bioscience Corporation 14 6 93 83 *formerly Selecta Biosciences Inc. GRAB HOLDINGS LIMITED Grab Holdings Limited (‘Grab’) is a leading superapp platform in Southeast Asia  providing everyday services that matter to consumers  including food deliveries  mobility and the e-wallet segment of financial services. Grab offers a wide range of on-demand services across 480 cities in eight countries. Reinet holds 10 573 666 shares in Grab with a market value of € 31 million (31 March 2023: € 29 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Grab is available at www.grab.com. CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS  INC. In November 2023  Selecta Biosciences  Inc. merged with Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. (‘Cartesian’)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering RNA cell therapies for autoimmune diseases. The combined company is now known as Cartesian Therapeutics  Inc. and its Nasdaq ticker symbol changed to ‘RNAC’. Cartesian is also a portfolio company of the NanoDimension funds. Reinet holds 1 395 460 shares with a market value of € 1 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Cartesian is available at www.cartesiantherapeutics.com. SOHO CHINA LIMITED Soho China Limited (‘Soho’) is a Chinese office developer focused on developing and leasing properties in the central business districts of Beijing and Shanghai. Soho developments are known for their modern architecture  with designs from architects such as Zaha Hadid and Japanese architect Kengo Kuma. Reinet holds 47 million shares with a market value of € 3 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 7 million). The decrease in value mainly reflects the decrease in the share price during the year. Further information on Soho is available at www.sohochina.com. SPDR GOLD SHARES SPDR Gold shares (‘GLD’) is the largest physically backed gold exchange traded fund in the world. Over the long term  gold can provide a hedge against inflation and offer some protection against value changes in turbulent economic and political times. Reinet holds 230 000 shares with a market value of € 44 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 39 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the value of gold during the year. Further information on GLD is available at www.spdrgoldshares.com/usa. TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION Twist Bioscience Corporation (‘Twist’) is involved in the fields of medicine  agriculture  industrial chemicals and data storage  by using synthetic DNA tools  and has created a revolutionary silicon-based DNA synthesis platform that offers precision at a scale otherwise unavailable. Reinet holds 444 497 shares in Twist with a market value of € 14 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million). The increase in value mainly reflects the increase in the share price during the year. Further information on Twist is available at www.twistbioscience.com. UNLISTED INVESTMENTS Unlisted investments are carried at their estimated fair value. In determining fair value  Reinet Fund Manager S.A. (the ‘Fund Manager’) relies on audited and unaudited financial statements of investee companies  management reports and valuations provided by third-party experts. Valuation methodologies applied include the NAV of investment funds  discounted cash flow models and comparable valuation multiples  as appropriate. The third-party valuation reports and key assumptions used within these reports are reviewed by the external auditors. PENSION INSURANCE CORPORATION GROUP LIMITED Pension Corporation’s wholly-owned subsidiary  Pension Insurance Corporation plc (‘Pension Insurance Corporation’)  is a leading provider in the UK pension risk transfer market. During 2023  Pension Insurance Corporation concluded new business with premiums of £ 6.9 billion (2022: £ 4.1 billion). At 31 December 2023  Pension Corporation reported it held £ 46.8 billion in assets (31 December 2022: £ 41.2 billion) and insurance liabilities amounted to £ 41.2 billion (31 December 2022: £ 33.7 billion). The increase in value of both assets and liabilities is due to new business written  partly offset by payments made to policyholders. To date  Pension Insurance Corporation has insured 339 900 pension fund members (31 December 2022: 302 200). Clients include FTSE 100 companies  multinationals and the public sector. Pension Insurance Corporation has a total of £ 1.8 billion (31 December 2022: £ 1.6 billion) Tier 2 subordinated notes and £ 450 million (31 December 2022: £ 450 million) Tier 1 restricted notes outstanding. In September 2023  Fitch affirmed its Insurer Financial Strength rating at A+ (Strong) and Long-Term Issuer Default rating at A. The reported Solvency II capital ratio as at 31 December 2023 was 211 per cent (31 December 2022: 225 per cent). During 2023  Pension Corporation paid an inaugural dividend of 7.5 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023. In April 2024  the shareholders of Pension Corporation approved a dividend of 11.0 pence per ordinary share. Reinet’s share of the dividend amounting to some € 85 million (£ 73 million) was received in May 2024. Reinet has not recorded a receivable as at 31 March 2024  as the approval date falls outside this financial year. Reinet’s shareholding in Pension Corporation remained at 49.5 per cent in the year under review. Tracy Blackwell  Chief Executive Officer and Dom Veney  Chief Financial Officer of Pension Insurance Corporation  commented: Tracy Blackwell: ‘The Group had a very strong year  and our results demonstrate sustainable growth  increased profitability  and excellent customer service. During the year we completed the landmark £ 6.2 billion buy-in of two pension schemes sponsored by RSA Group  we made pension payments of £ 2.1 billion  our highest ever  with policyholder satisfaction levels of 99.3 per cent  and we have now paid £ 13.6 billion in pensions in total. We are delighted to have continued investing in vital UK infrastructure  creating considerable social value  including funding the UK’s first reservoir in over 30 years. We have now invested £ 13 billion in UK infrastructure and £ 29 billion in the UK in total. Our conservatively invested portfolio stands at £ 46.8 billion  and we were pleased to have avoided problems with US regional banks  commercial real estate  and those caused by the demise of Credit Suisse. Our balance sheet continues to be robust with a year-end solvency ratio of 211 per cent  which means we went into the new year well placed to help trustees looking to secure their member benefits in what we expect to be a very busy year. During the first two months of 2024 we completed £ 1.5 billion of new business  with an industry pipeline of £ 50 billion expected to complete this year. Pension Insurance Corporation is well positioned to fulfil its purpose  which is to pay the pensions of its current and future policyholders  as well as to play a leading role in the future growth of the UK pension risk transfer market.’ Dom Veney: ‘A strong set of financial results representing the continued delivery of our focused strategy despite volatile markets. Market volatility continued to be high in 2023  with stubbornly high inflation  large swings in UK and international interest rates and narrowing credit spreads. We maintain a prudent investment and hedging strategy that prioritises long-term stability and security for our policyholders  which enabled us to navigate through this volatility. Our investment strategy is to select assets that generate cash flows to match our future claims payments in both timing and amount  therefore the value of our assets and liabilities move broadly in tandem as factors such as interest and inflation rates change. IFRS profit before tax amounted to £ 303 million (2022: £ 93 million). From 1 January 2023 we adopted IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” the new global insurance accounting standard  which has fundamentally changed how companies account for insurance and reinsurance contracts. Key differences between the measurement of insurance contracts under IFRS 4 and IFRS 17 include the deferral of new business profits at inception. For a growing business such as Pension Insurance Corporation  this means that statutory profit recognition is slower under IFRS 17 than IFRS 4. IFRS 17 requires that new business profits are released over the length of the contracts.’ Reinet’s investment in Pension Corporation is carried at an estimated fair value of € 3 436 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 787 million). This value takes into account Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value at 31 December 2023 of £ 6.3 billion (31 December 2022: £ 5.9 billion)  corresponding valuation multiples drawn from industry data for a selected UK insurance peer group as at 31 March 2024  and a discount of 10 per cent which takes into account the illiquid nature of Reinet’s investment. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples following a generally strong public market performance for the peer group over the 12 months  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2023 and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation represents some 55.6 per cent of Reinet’s NAV at 31 March 2024  compared to 48.7 per cent at 31 March 2023. Pension Corporation believes sustainability is fundamental to the delivery of its purpose to pay policyholders now and for decades to come. Its sustainability strategy includes: continuing to build a secure and sustainable business; to carry on leading as a responsible corporate citizen; and to keep on driving long-term value growth. It has four distinct pillars which ensure alignment of its corporate strategy and actions to its purpose: long-term sustainable business; being a responsible investor; protecting the environment and making communities sustainable  safe and inclusive. Pension Insurance Corporation is one of the founding signatories of the Sustainability Principles Charter for the Bulk Purchase Annuity process and was also accepted as a signatory to the UK Stewardship Code. Further information on Pension Corporation and its sustainability reporting is available at www.pensioncorporation.com. PRIVATE EQUITY AND RELATED PARTNERSHIPS Where Reinet invests in funds managed by third parties  its philosophy is to partner with the managers of such funds and to share in fees generated by funds under management. This is the case with funds managed by Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone Capital and Prescient Investment Management China. Under the terms of the investment advisory agreement (the ‘Investment Advisory Agreement’)  entered into by the Fund Manager and Reinet Investment Advisors Limited (the ‘Investment Advisor’)  Reinet pays no management fee to the Investment Advisor on such investments except in the case where no fee or a reduced fee below 1 per cent is paid to the third-party manager. In such cases  the aggregate fee payable to the Investment Advisor and the third-party manager is capped at 1 per cent. TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS TRILANTIC CAPITAL PARTNERS Trilantic Capital Partners (‘Trilantic’) is composed of Trilantic North America and Trilantic Europe  two separate and independent private equity investment advisors focused on making controlling and significant minority interest investments in companies in their respective geographies. Trilantic North America currently targets investments in the business services and consumer sectors  and currently manages five fund families. Trilantic Europe primarily targets investments in the industrials  consumer and leisure  telecommunication  media and technology  business services and healthcare sectors  and currently manages three fund families. Reinet and its minority partner invest in certain of the Trilantic general partnerships (‘Trilantic Management’). Reinet and its minority partner  through Reinet TCP Holdings Limited  invest in two of the current funds under Trilantic’s management. Reinet also directly invests in three additional funds under Trilantic’s management. The terms of investment applicable to Reinet’s investment in the Trilantic funds provide that Reinet will not pay any management fees or carried interest. In addition  Reinet receives a share of the carried interest payable on the realisation of investments held in the funds  once a hurdle rate has been achieved. Reinet TCP Holdings Limited invests in Trilantic Capital Partners IV L.P. (‘Fund IV’) and Trilantic Capital Partners IV (Europe) L.P.; these funds are in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2012  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners V (North America) L.P. (‘Fund V’) and in 2014  in Trilantic Energy Partners (North America) L.P. (‘TEP I’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities. TEP I disposed of its last investment and was subsequently dissolved in 2024 and Fund V is in the process of realising the remaining underlying investments. In 2017  Reinet invested in Trilantic Capital Partners VI Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles  ‘Fund VI’) and Trilantic Energy Partners II Parallel (North America) L.P. (collectively with its parallel vehicles ‘TEP II’). These US-based funds are focused on North American opportunities with TEP II being especially focused on the energy industry sector. Charlie Ayres  Chairman of Trilantic North America and the Executive Committee of Trilantic Capital Partners  commented: ‘Investor optimism persists despite significant turmoil in the bank industry during 2023  including failures at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank; UBS’ takeover of its rival Credit Suisse; and JPMorgan’s takeover of First Republic. Market statistics in the private equity arena were lackluster during 2023. Buyout deal activity and exit activity remained sluggish  and purchase prices softened. The IPO market in the Americas picked up from low 2022 levels but remained muted compared to historical levels. In 2023  the number of IPOs in the Americas was up 15 per cent over 2022. America’s IPO proceeds were up nearly 3x due to several large deals. Financing for new private equity-backed investments remains discerning. Higher interest rates have subdued appetite for highly-levered buyouts and put downward pressure on pricing. Private equity investors hold significant dry powder  and with an improving macro backdrop  deal volume will likely pick up during 2024 and the bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers will resolve. As investors look forward to 2024  Fed policy  inflation  geopolitical events and the U.S. presidential election will likely remain key influencers on their outlook. Key highlights from the past year include: -Completed 3 significant realisations across Funds V and VI North America  with total proceeds of $ 614 million  -The Fund VI North America portfolio completed 18 add-on acquisitions in 2023  -Total portfolio value accretion of $ 91 million during 2023  -We continue to manage an active portfolio of assets that we believe have strong balance sheets and below-market leverage companies. We are on track to publish our 4th Annual ESG Report in May 2024. We continue to focus on KPIs influenced by ILPA’s ESG Convergence project. We are proud signatories to both the U.N. Principals for Responsible Investing and ILPA’s Diversity in Action initiative.’ Vittorio Pignatti-Morano  Chairman of Trilantic Europe  commented: ‘The macroeconomic scenario at the beginning of 2023 made us wary of rampant inflation  which central banks announced had to be fought with harsh monetary policy  and which most economists predicted would trigger a recession. Markets were pricing-in this gloomy scenario after having already suffered an 18 per cent drop in equity indexes and an equally disastrous performance in the bond market the year prior. In Q4 2023  the narrative changed: (i) inflation appears to have been primarily triggered by corporate margin expansion  rather than by wage increases or excessive consumption  (ii) interest rate hikes did not dampen economic activity and  especially in the US  consumers continued spending  unemployment remained at a record low  and recessionary fears shifted from red alert to mild  (iii) central banks  reverting to their original mission of protection of the value of money  changed their narrative as well  they began by stating that signs of inflation abating could allow them to halt hiking rates and then  in Q4 2023  they hinted at the possibility of rate reductions in the spring or summer of 2024 and (iv) a slowdown in Chinese domestic demand shifted local producers’ focus to exports to US and Europe at reduced prices  hence contributing to ‘exporting deflation’. For Trilantic Europe  the year proved overall positive  despite its complexities. We continued our active portfolio management across the portfolio and strengthened our own organisation with the appointment of Javier Olascoaga as Managing Partner  and eight new team additions in the last twelve months  including the appointment of two new partners.’ Reinet’s investment in Trilantic Management and the above funds is carried at the estimated fair value of € 443 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 472 million) of which € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 2 million) is attributable to the minority partner. The estimated fair value is based on audited valuation data provided by Trilantic Management at 31 December 2023 adjusted for changes in the value of listed investments included in the portfolios and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value is due to net capital distributions of € 55 million  offset by capital contributions of € 23 million  increases in the estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year under review  gains of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 21 million) were realised. In addition carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) and current income of € 4 million (31 March 2023: € 1 million) were received. Further information on Trilantic is available at www.trilantic.com. TRUARC PARTNERS FUNDS  CO-INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY TruArc Partners LP (‘TruArc’) is a middle market focused investment management firm led by a team that has worked together since 2005 and has deployed over $ 3 billion of capital. TruArc focuses on companies in attractive sub-sectors of Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services. The TruArc investment team works closely with its operating partners and portfolio management teams in an effort to generate value through a transformational growth strategy focused on both organic growth and acquisitions. Reinet is invested in Snow Phipps II  Snow Phipps III  TruArc Fund IV  in two co-investment opportunities alongside Snow Phipps III  and in the management company. In April 2023 Reinet committed an additional € 2 million in respect of the co-investments. The full amount was funded in May 2023. In February 2024  Reinet committed € 17 million ($ 18 million) to TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund  LP as part of the first close. This amount will increase at subsequent closings. As at 31 March 2024 no capital has been called. TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund intends to offer resources and capital in close partnership with controlling shareholders and management to support the growth of these investee entities. TruArc’s bespoke capital solutions will seek to deliver flexible capital to middle market entities in North America  also predominantly in the Speciality Manufacturing and Business Services sectors by investing across the capitalisation from structured debt to non-control equity. Ogden Phipps  Co-Managing Partner of TruArc Partners  commented: ‘2023 was a year of continued positive momentum for TruArc. We completed the acquisition of two new platform companies in Fund IV  bringing the total to seven platform companies in that fund as of the end of December. Each company is investing in organic initiatives to drive transformational growth. Commercially-focused initiatives include sales force expansion  digital marketing  rebranding and tech-enablement. Operationally-focused initiatives include technology infrastructure  footprint optimization  acquisition integration and procurement strategies. A key component of our investment approach is to execute a “buy and build” value creation strategy  and during 2023 we completed 15 add-on acquisitions across the TruArc-managed portfolio companies that we believe are strategically important and financially accretive. We are encouraged by the strength of our management teams as they lead our portfolio companies and seek to build value through transformational growth across the TruArc portfolio. In addition  we recently launched TruArc’s Structured Opportunities strategy  which is highly complementary to our established core Private Equity strategy. Structured Opportunities seeks to provide customized securities to middle market Specialty Manufacturing and Business Services companies in need of flexible and dynamic capital solutions to facilitate strategic goals and address the unique and complex needs of each transaction while bringing to bear the full resources of the TruArc platform.’ Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 372 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 301 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by TruArc at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects net capital contributions of € 45 million  together with increases in estimated fair values of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on TruArc Partners is available at www.truarcpartners.com. COATUE FUNDS Coatue Management L.L.C. (‘Coatue’) is a global investment firm focused on technology-related investment opportunities led by its founder  Mr Philippe Laffont. Coatue invests in public and private markets with an emphasis on technology  media  telecommunications  the consumer and healthcare sectors. Reinet is invested in Coatue Structured Offshore Feeder Fund LP and Coatue Tactical Solutions CT Offshore Fund B LP (together the ‘Coatue Structured Funds’). The Coatue Structured Funds seek to invest in structured investments in both publicly listed and privately held technology companies  focusing on investments that offer downside protection while retaining upside potential. The Coatue Structured Funds focus on privately negotiated transactions leveraging Coatue’s sector experience and platform resources to source proprietary transactions. Coatue seeks to employ a strategy that will opportunistically fund both offensive and defensive transactions such as M&A  and establishing paths toward accelerating organic growth. Coatue believes there is a substantial universe of potential investment opportunities and that the market could produce significant structured capital opportunities. Coatue generally focuses on companies that it believes are: 1) powered by a strong underlying trend; 2) established winners or breakout leaders within a category or trend; 3) pursuing a large total addressable market; 4) operating business models with strong unit economics; and 5) led by visionary founders and experienced management teams. Reinet’s investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 73 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 50 million)  based on the audited valuation data provided by Coatue at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 20 million  together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Coatue is available at www.coatue.com ASIAN PRIVATE EQUITY COMPANIES AND PORTFOLIO FUNDS Milestone China Opportunities fund Milestone China Opportunities fund Reinet is invested in Milestone China Opportunities Fund III L.P. (‘Milestone III’)  a fund managed by Milestone Capital. Milestone III is in the process of realising its remaining underlying investments. Milestone Capital has a strong track record in helping portfolio companies scale their operations and become listed on either domestic or foreign stock exchanges. Yunli Lou  Managing Partner of Milestone Capital  commented: ‘During 2023  Milestone Capital continued working closely with our portfolio companies to achieve exits. We continued selling down our shares in a listed cosmetics e-commerce platform and achieved a full exit in the first quarter of 2024. We also entered into definitive agreements with one medical consumable company to fully redeem our remaining stake; the deal was closed in early 2024. During 2023  China’s economy was weak despite its reopening after COVID-19. Full year GDP was $ 17.5 trillion  up by 5.2 per cent year-on-year. But if measured in two-year CAGR to eliminate the low base in 2022  GDP grew by only 4.1 per cent. Deflation pressure increased in the economy  with CPI growing by 0.2 per cent year-on-year in 2023  the lowest growth since 2009. The property sector continued to drag down the economy throughout the year  property development investment declined by 9.6% year-on-year and property sales declined by 6.5 per cent year-on-year. Capital markets also performed poorly  impacted by the weakened economy and sentiment. The government announced a series of policies throughout the year to boost the economic growth and market confidence  such as loosening property purchase restrictions  lowering mortgage rates and lowering bank reserve ratio.’ The investment in Milestone III is held at the estimated fair value of € 13 million (31 March 2023: € 44 million) based on audited financial information provided by Milestone Capital at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects capital distributions of € 11 million  together with decreases in estimated fair values of underlying investments  offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. During the year the investment held by Reinet in the management company was fully realised with proceeds included in the distributions noted above. In addition  an older vintage fund was wound up resulting in a realised loss of € 18 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. Subsequent to the year end a distribution of € 9 million was received from Milestone III. Further information on Milestone is available at www.mcmchina.com. Prescient China funds and management company Reinet is invested in the Prescient China Equity Fund  the Prescient China Balanced Fund  the Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund and the management company. The Prescient China Equity Fund uses a systematic  quantitative approach to seek long-term capital growth by investing primarily in China ‘A’ shares listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges by virtue of Prescient’s Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor status granted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. Prescient China Balanced Fund invests in equities following a similar strategy to the Prescient China Equity Fund and also in bonds  cash and derivatives with the objective of generating inflation-beating returns at acceptable risk levels. Prescient China Growth Enhanced Absolute Return Fund aims to achieve long-term capital growth at significantly lower return volatility than conventional multi-asset China investment strategies. The fund will predominantly invest in mainland Chinese equities  bonds  cash  money market instruments and derivatives. All funds are managed by a subsidiary of Prescient Limited (‘Prescient’)  a South African fund manager  with the team based in Shanghai. Liang Du  Portfolio Manager of Prescient  commented: ‘Over the past year a slower than expected recovery in the Chinese economy resulted in a weak year for the Chinese equity market. The collapse of major developers and bursting of the property bubble resulted in the slowest growth in 30 years for China. Property makes up a large part of the average investor wealth  with the direct and indirect impact being lower consumer confidence resulting in lower demand  lower investment and lower growth. Although the property sector has been a drag on the overall economy  the rest of the economy is growing at a healthy rate  fast moving economic data shows a slowly improving economy with the government directly engaged in protecting the banking sector from property associated risks. The past few years have been challenging for the Chinese market bringing valuations to decade lows. Prescient’s performance has remained consistent and strong among our funds and we continue to build our brand and products on strong foundations. With China remaining one of the cheapest markets in the world  we see rising interest from clients who have previously not invested in China. We are in China for the long term  although painful over the short term the bursting of the property bubble will finally drive capital towards more productive sectors in the economy  leading to growth in the asset management industry with properties no longer forming the core. These trends should benefit our industry and the Prescient funds over the longer term.’ Reinet’s total investment is carried at an estimated fair value of € 124 million based on unaudited financial information provided by Prescient at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 143 million). The decrease in estimated fair value mainly reflects decreases in the value of the underlying fund investments offset by the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year. Further information on Prescient is available at www.prescient.co.za. Asia Partners funds Reinet is invested in Asia Partners I LP and Asia Partners II LP. Asia Partners I LP is the inaugural fund of Asia Partners Fund Management Pte. Ltd (‘Asia Partners’)  a Singapore-based growth equity investment firm. Asia Partners II LP  a successor fund  was launched in April 2022. Asia Partners bases its investment strategy on the long-term growth potential of Southeast Asia  the rapid growth of innovative technology and technology-enabled businesses in the region  and target investments in the $ 20 million to $ 80 million range  often described as the ‘Series C/D Gap’ between early-stage venture capital and the public capital markets. Oliver Rippel  Co-Founder and Partner of Asia Partners  commented: ‘Asia Partners has successfully completed the final closing of our second Fund  raising a total of $ 474 million. This significant milestone brings our total assets under management to $ 1.0 billion. Our investment focus remains on the promising long-term growth prospects of Southeast Asia. The critical importance of this region given its growing affluence  the accelerating shift towards digital lifestyles  alongside being home to almost 10 per cent of the world's population  in addition to growing economic ties in global trade and supply chain dynamics  reinforces our commitment. We believe in the potential for growth equity to accelerate economic growth throughout Southeast Asia. We will continue to nurture the development of Southeast Asia's emerging entrepreneurs  ultimately helping them transition to become sizeable public companies.’ In April 2022  Reinet committed € 29 million ($ 31 million) to Asia Partners II LP as part of the first close. This amount increased to € 44 million ($ 47 million) through March 2024. The investment in Asia Partners funds is held at the estimated fair value of € 34 million (31 March 2023: € 32 million) based on audited financial information provided by Asia Partners at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 4 million  together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by decreases in the value of underlying investments. Further information on Asia Partners is available at www.asiapartners.com. SPECIALISED INVESTMENT FUNDS NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities ND Capital (‘NanoDimension’) is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 that invests in disruptive technologies in and at the intersection of the life and physical sciences  accelerated by data sciences. Their core belief is that scientific disciplines will continue to converge  and that some of the biggest breakthroughs will occur at the intersection of two or more disciplines. The focus of each fund is to invest in and support the establishment  technology development and scale up  growth and commercialisation of portfolio companies. They believe that these disruptive technologies address some of the biggest societal problems. Investments range from molecular diagnostics  cell and gene therapies  organs on chip  DNA synthesis and DNA editing  energy storage and electrical propulsion systems for aviation. They invest predominantly across the United States and Europe with additional investments in Canada  Denmark and the United Kingdom. Aymeric Sallin  Founder of NanoDimension  commented: ‘2023 was one of the most important years for ND Capital  despite a challenging Venture Capital (VC) market. Only 154 IPOs took place in 2023 versus an average of 750 in 2020/21  which were fueled by the SPAC and a robust technology sector. Technology M&A were down 51 per cent in value  year over year. VC distributions hit the lowest level of the last 14 years. Three of our portfolio companies were sold to listed entities  for total proceeds of $ 1.6 billion. ND Capital was the lead investor in one of the investments where the exit had a significant impact and distributions for two of our funds  as well as our reputation. Key portfolio companies managed to raise substantial additional capital of approximately $ 455 million from third parties on good terms  which should set them up for their next phase of development.’ Reinet is a limited partner in NanoDimension II L.P.  NanoDimension III L.P.  NanoDimension IV L.P. and ND Capital Opportunity Fund I L.P.  and is invested in one co-investment opportunity alongside NanoDimension II L.P. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of Reinet’s investment amounted to € 107 million (31 March 2023: € 94 million) based on audited valuation data provided by NanoDimension as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for movements in listed investments and cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 13 million together with increases in the value of underlying investments and the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by distributions of € 16 million. Further information on NanoDimension is available at www.nd.capital. Other fund investments Other fund investments This includes small  specialist funds investing in private equity businesses and start-up ventures. Other fund investments are valued in total at their estimated fair value of € 1 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 2 million) based on the latest available valuation statements received from the fund managers. The decrease in the estimated fair value principally reflects decreases in the value of underlying investments. UNITED STATES LAND DEVELOPMENT AND MORTGAGES Reinet has invested in certain real estate development projects and related businesses located in the United States (including Florida  North Carolina and South Carolina). Reinet has also purchased mortgage debt associated with such developments from financial institutions  usually at significant discounts to face value. The core land development process encompasses land planning  attaining entitlements from governmental bodies and installation of community infrastructure. Other investments in mitigation banks facilitate the preservation of land to offset the loss of wetlands necessitated by public improvements  such as highway construction  and other privately-sponsored developments. Bill Lanius  Chief Executive Officer of United States land development and mortgages  commented: ‘Our United States land development and mortgages business has been positioned to serve the homebuilding industry which has shown resilience this past year. Escalation in home prices combined with interest rates that remain high by the standards of recent decades have dampened demand. At the same time  many homeowners are reluctant to forfeit low mortgage rates that were previously obtained on their existing homes. This ‘lock-in effect’ has suppressed the inventory of existing housing stock but has helped support new home demand for which we provide developed sites. While supply chain constraints have improved  challenges associated with the regulatory environment have heightened. During our most recent fiscal year  the United States land development and mortgages business monetized target investment positions in transactions that were accretive to value and generated liquidity to facilitate our future business plans.’ The investment is carried at the estimated fair value of € 21 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 26 million). The current valuation is based on audited and unaudited financial statements as at 31 December 2023 adjusted for cash movements up to 31 March 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value reflects repayments received during the year of € 7 million  offset by increases in the valuation of underlying assets together with the strengthening of the US dollar against the euro during the year. OTHER INVESTMENTS Other investments are carried at their estimated fair value of € 75 million at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € 58 million). The increase in the estimated fair value reflects capital contributions of € 22 million together with increases in the valuation of underlying investments and the strengthening of sterling and the US dollar against the euro in the year  offset by a capital distribution of € 5 million. An investment was realised during the year resulting in a loss of € 26 million  this amount had been fully provided for in prior years. COMMITTED DURING THE YEAR Commitments made in the year amounted to € 61 million and cancelled commitments in respect of fully exited funds amounted to € 5 million. TOTAL COMMITMENTS Funding commitments are entered into in various currencies including sterling and US dollar and are converted into euro using 31 March 2024 exchange rates. The table below summarises Reinet’s investment commitments as at 31 March 2024. 31 March 2023(1) € m Exchange rate effects(2) € m Committed during the year(3) € m Funded during the year(3) € m 31 March 2024(3) € m 31 March 2024 % Private equity and related partnerships Trilantic Capital Partners Funds and related general partners(4) 120 1 (5) (23) 93 16.7 TruArc Partners Funds  co-investment opportunities and management company 148 1 19 (46) 122 21.8 Coatue funds 228 1 – (20) 209 37.4 Asian private equity companies and portfolio funds Asia Partners funds 32 – 9 (4) 37 6.6 Specialised investment funds NanoDimension funds and co-investment opportunities 60 - – (13) 47 8.4 Other fund investments 32 1 – – 33 5.9 United States land development and mortgages 5 – – – 5 0.9 Other investments 2 – 33 (22) 13 2.3 627 4 56 (128) 559 100.0 (1) Commitments calculated using 31 March 2023 exchange rates. (2) Reflects exchange rate movements between 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024. (3) Amounts calculated using 31 March 2024 exchange rates  which may differ from actual exchange rates on the transaction date. (4) Commitments noted represent only Reinet’s share of the investments at 31 March 2024  additional commitments payable by the minority partner amount to € 2 million in respect of Trilantic. The reduction in the commitment relates to remaining uncalled commitments in respect of a fund which was dissolved in the year.CASH AND LIQUID FUNDS Reinet holds cash on deposit principally in European-based banks and in liquidity funds holding highly rated short-term instruments. Reinet’s liquidity is measured by its ability to meet potential cash requirements  including unfunded commitments on investments and the repayment of borrowings  and at 31 March 2024 can be summarised as follows: Cash and liquid funds € 357 m Undrawn borrowing facilities € 234 m Cash required for unfunded commitments (refer to table on previous page) (€ 559 m) Cash required to meet GBP borrowing obligations (€ 234 m) The undrawn borrowing facilities comprise a revolving facility with Bank of America  N.A. and with Citibank N.A. (see below). Reinet may sell further BAT shares or use such shares to secure additional financing facilities from time to time. BANK BORROWINGS BORROWINGS BORROWINGS Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Citibank N.A.  which is repayable in August 2024. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 115 million (31 March 2023: € 108 million). In addition  Reinet has a fixed-rate £ 100 million margin loan due to Bank of America  N.A.  which is repayable in March 2025. At 31 March 2024  the estimated fair value of the loan amounted to € 114 million (31 March 2023: € 109 million). The increase in the estimated fair value of both loans reflects the strengthening of sterling in the year  together with the reduction in the time remaining to maturity  offset by an increase in the discount rates used (due to increases in market interest rates). Some 15 million BAT shares have been pledged to collateralise these two loans. In addition  Reinet has a facility agreement in place with Citibank N.A. up to August 2024 and with Bank of America  N.A. up to March 2025. These facilities allow Reinet to drawdown the equivalent of up to € 234 million (£ 200 million) in a combination of currencies to fund further investment commitments. As at 31 March 2024 no funds have been drawn under these facilities. OTHER LIABILITIES Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: Minority interest  fees payable and other liabilities  net of other assets comprise: 31 March 2024 31 March 2023 € m € m Minority interest (4) (4) Management fee (19) (19) Performance fee (90) - Tax provisions (4) (5) Accruals and other payables  net of other receivables (11) (8) BAT dividend receivable 33 32 Total other liabilities (95) (4) The minority interest liability is in respect of a minority partner’s share in the gains and losses not yet distributed arising from the estimated fair value movement of investments in which they have interests. Tax provisions relate to realised and unrealised gains arising from the investments in Trilantic Capital Partners together with withholding and corporate taxes relating to the investment in United States land development and mortgages. The BAT dividend receivable had a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. A provision of € 90 million has been made in respect of a performance fee as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil) as the conditions required to pay a fee had been met at the year end date. In order for a performance fee to be payable at 31 March 2024  the volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share determined by taking into account volume and price information on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange over the last 20 trading days of the financial year under review would need to exceed € 18.33. The volume weighted average market price of the Company’s share was € 22.93 for the last 20 trading days of the financial year  and as such a performance fee is payable. The performance fee and management fee are payable to Reinet Investment Advisors Limited. INCOME STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024€ m € m Year ended 31 March 2023€ m € m Income BAT dividends 130 122 Pension Corporation dividend 57 - Interest and other investment income 31 23 Realised (loss)/gain on sale of investments (9) 13 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Total income 212 164 Expenses Management fee (48) (49) Performance fee (90) - Operating expenses  foreign exchange and transaction-related costs (7) (6) Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Tax expense (1) (5) Total expenses (152) (65) Realised investment income  net of expenses 60 99 Fair value adjustments BAT (202) (271) Pension Corporation 649 (15) Other investments 20 55 Derivative instruments - (1) Borrowings (12) 11 Total fair value adjustments 455 (221) 515 (122) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Net profit/(loss) 519 (120) Minority interest - - Profit/(loss) attributable to the shareholders of the Company 519 (120) INCOME Dividend income from BAT recorded during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 130 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 107 million)). Dividend income received from BAT during the year represents the second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid and the first 2024 quarterly dividend with a record date of 22 March 2024 and a payment date of 2 May 2024. Dividend income from Pension Corporation amounting to some € 57 million (£ 50 million) was received in May 2023  being an inaugural dividend of 7.50 pence per ordinary share. Interest income is earned on bank deposits  liquidity funds  investments and loans made to underlying investments. Realised losses on investments were in respect of investments held in Milestone funds and other investments  offset by realised gains in respect of investments held in Trilantic Capital Partners. Carried interest of € 3 million (31 March 2023: € 6 million) was attributable to Reinet in respect of investments realised by Trilantic Capital Partners. EXPENSES The management fee for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounts to € 48 million and is based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 616 million at 30 September 2023 and € 5 721 million at 31 March 2023 (31 March 2023: € 49 million  based on Reinet Fund’s NAV of € 5 441 million at 30 September 2022 and € 5 890 million at 31 March 2022). A performance fee of € 90 million is payable for the year ended 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023: € nil). The performance fee is calculated as 10 per cent of the Cumulative Total Shareholder Return as defined in the Company’s prospectus  published on 10 October 2008 as last amended on 25 August 2020  including dividends paid  over the period since completion of the rights issue in December 2008 up to 31 March 2024  less the sum of all performance fees paid in respect of previous periods. Operating expenses of € 7 million include € 1 million in respect of charges from Reinet Investments Manager S.A. (the ‘General Partner’)  and other expenses which amounted to € 6 million. The net tax expense of € 1 million includes corporate and withholding taxes payable in respect of gains realised on Trilantic Capital Partners  together with deferred tax provisions related to unrealised gains  expected distributions and accrued interest in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners and United States land development and mortgages. FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS The investment in 48.3 million BAT shares decreased in value by € 202 million during the year under review. Of this  € 243 million was attributable to the decrease in value of the underlying BAT shares in sterling  offset by an increase of € 41 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro during the year under review. The investment in Pension Corporation increased in value by € 649 million which includes an increase of some € 340 million in respect of the increase in market multiples  together with an increase of some € 210 million due to the movement on Pension Corporation’s adjusted equity own funds value and some € 100 million due to the strengthening of sterling against the euro in the year under review (refer to pages 10 to 12 for more detail). The unrealised fair value adjustment of € 20 million in respect of other investments includes an increase in the estimated fair value of TruArc Partners  other listed investments and NanoDimension  offset by decreases in the fair value of Prescient China funds and Milestone. The above amounts include the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates in the year under review. Borrowings are carried at estimated fair value reflecting the discounted cash flow value of future principal and interest payments taking into account prevailing interest rates. Unrealised losses of € 12 million during the year were in respect of changes in the estimated fair value of the Citibank N.A. and Bank of America  N.A. loans. MINORITY INTEREST The minority interest expense arises in respect of the minority partner’s share in the earnings of Reinet TCP Holdings Limited. CASH FLOW STATEMENT Year ended 31 March 2024 Year ended 31 March 2023 € m € m € m € m Investing activities Purchase of investments  net of repayments (116) (167) Proceeds from sales of investments 84 76 Net cash and liquid funds used in investing activities (32) (91) Financing activities Dividend paid (55) (51) Cost of share buyback programmes - (45) Net cash and liquid funds used in financing activities (55) (96) Operating activities Dividends received 186 122 Carried interest earned on investments 3 6 Interest and related financing expenses (6) (5) Interest income 16 6 Operating and related expenses (46) (58) Taxation paid (1) (13) Net cash and liquid funds generated by operating activities 152 58 Net cash inflowith(outflow) 65 (129) Opening cash and liquid funds position 288 415 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash balances 4 2 Closing cash and liquid funds position(1) 357 288 (1) Includes cash and liquid funds held in the Company  Reinet Fund and its subsidiaries. INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments totalling € 116 million were made during the year  including Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Coatue funds  Asia Partners funds  NanoDimension funds  and other investments. Amounts invested were partially offset by repayments in respect of loans received from United States land development and mortgages and other investments. Proceeds from the sale of investments were in respect of Trilantic Capital Partners  TruArc Partners  Milestone China Opportunities funds and NanoDimension funds. FINANCING ACTIVITIES A dividend of some € 54.5 million was paid to shareholders in September 2023. OPERATING ACTIVITIES Dividends received from BAT during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to € 129 million (£ 112 million) (31 March 2023: € 122 million (£ 105 million)). The dividends received from BAT during the year represent the first  second  third and fourth 2023 quarterly dividends paid. A dividend received from Pension Corporation during the year amounted to € 57 million (£ 50 million). Interest of € 6 million was paid in respect of the sterling-denominated loans. Interest income relates to cash on deposit in banks and liquidity funds. Net US tax payments of € 1 million were paid in the year under review. This amount includes taxes withheld by US paying agents in respect of gains and carried interest received  together with estimated taxes paid on gains and income which will be taxable in the United States. Cash and liquid funds increased by € 69 million over the year to € 357 million as the amounts received in respect of dividends and distributions from investments exceeded amounts paid in respect of investments  dividends  management fee and operating expenses. DIVIDEND The Company relies on distributions from Reinet Fund as its principal source of income from which it may pay dividends. A cash dividend of some € 54.5 million or € 0.30 per share (excluding treasury shares held) was paid in September 2023  following approval at the annual general meeting held on 29 August 2023. The General Partner has proposed a cash dividend of € 0.35 per share subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting  which is scheduled to take place in Luxembourg on Tuesday  27 August 2024. There is no Luxembourg withholding tax payable on dividends which may be declared by the Company. In 2013 the Company sought clarification from the South African Revenue Service (‘SARS’) as to the treatment of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of depository receipts issued by Reinet Securities SA in respect of Reinet ordinary shares. This ruling was renewed for a further 5 years on 8 March 2018 and again on 17 October 2023 in respect of any dividends to be declared by the Company and paid to holders of the Company’s ordinary shares listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. The dividend will be payable in accordance with the following schedule  subject to shareholder approval: The last day to trade the Company’s shares cum-dividend in Europe will be Wednesday  11 September 2024 and in South Africa  Tuesday  10 September 2024. The Company’s shares will trade ex-dividend from Thursday  12 September 2024 in Europe and from Wednesday  11 September 2024 in South Africa. The record date for the Company’s shares in Europe and in South Africa will be Friday  13 September 2024. The dividend on the Company’s shares in Europe will be paid on Wednesday  18 September 2024 and is payable in euro. The dividend on the Company’s shares in South Africa will be paid in South African rand on Wednesday  18 September 2024. Further details regarding the dividend payable to South African holders may be found in a separate announcement dated 28 May 2024 on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange News Service. No cross-border movements of Reinet ordinary shares will be permitted between the clearing and settlement systems for the Dutch and Luxembourgish stock exchanges (Euroclear Nederland  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream) and the clearing and settlement system for the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (Strate) between Tuesday  10 September 2024 and Friday  13 September 2024  both days inclusive. CAPITAL STRUCTURE As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  there were 195 941 286 ordinary shares and 1 000 management shares in issue. As at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023  the Company held 14 151 395 ordinary shares as treasury shares. The voting and dividend rights attached to the treasury shares are suspended. Therefore  the total number of voting rights at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 was 181 790 891. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated audited financial statements at 31 March 2024  on which this announcement is based  have been approved by the Board of the General Partner on 23 May 2024 and are subject to shareholder approval at the annual general meeting to be held in August 2024. The printed Reinet Annual Report and Accounts will be available upon request from mid-July 2024. SHARE INFORMATION The Company ordinary shares are listed and traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘REINI’  Refinitiv code REIT.LU)  on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol ‘REINA’  Refinitiv code REIT.AS) and on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (symbol ‘RNI’  Refinitiv code RNIJ.J) with the ISIN number LU0383812293; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Data protection matters The Company has updated the Data Protection Information Notice available on the Company’s website (www.reinet.com/investor-relations/data-protection.html)  which is intended to provide investors with detailed information regarding the processing of their personal data  as well as the Privacy Policy available on its website (www.reinet.com/privacy-policy.html)  which is intended to provide users of the Company’s website with information regarding the processing of their personal data resulting from the use of the Company’s website and/or from requests made via the Company’s website. Reinet Investments Manager S.A. General Partner For and on behalf of Reinet Investments S.C.A. Website: www.reinet.com Reinet Investments S.C.A. (the ‘Company’) is a partnership limited by shares incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and having its registered office at 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg. It is governed by the Luxembourg law on securitisation and in this capacity allows its shareholders to participate indirectly in the portfolio of assets held by its wholly-owned subsidiary Reinet Fund S.C.A.  F.I.S. (‘Reinet Fund’)  a specialised investment fund also incorporated in Luxembourg. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange; the listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Company and Reinet Fund together with Reinet Fund’s subsidiaries are referred to as ‘Reinet’. Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statementsThis document contains forward-looking statements which reflect the current views and beliefs of the Company  as well as assumptions made by the Company and information currently available. Words such as ‘may’  ‘should’  ‘estimate’  ‘project’  ‘plan’  ‘believe’  ‘expect’  ‘anticipate’  ‘intend’  ‘potential’  ‘goal’  ‘strategy’  ‘target’  ‘will’  ‘seek’ and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are outside Reinet’s control. The Company does not undertake to update  nor does it have any obligation to provide updates or to revise  any forward-looking statements. Certain information included in the Management Report is text attributed to the management of investee entities. While no facts have come to our attention that lead us to conclude that any such information is inaccurate  we have not independently verified such information and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information. Reinet Investments S.C.A.R.C.S. Luxembourg B 16 576Legal Entity Identifier : 222100830RQTFVV22S80Registered office: 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  Tel. (+352) 22 42 10  Fax (+352) 22 72 53Email: info@reinet.com  website: www.reinet.comEnd of Inside Information,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.29,0.03,True,English,"['CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'YEAR', 'MARCH', 'DIVIDEND', 'British American Tobacco annual general meeting', 'Reinet Investments Manager S.A.', 'Reinet Investments S.C.A.', 'Business developments Pension Insurance Corporation', 'Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited', 'UK bulk annuity transaction', 'long-term, sustainable value creation', 'underlying net asset value', '2024 annual general meeting', 'TruArc Structured Opportunities Fund', '8.8 per cent compounded increase', 'Business Services sectors', 'Key financial data', 'compound growth rate', 'middle market entities', 'new business premiums', 'sufficient liquid resources', 'additional borrowing facilities', 'Reinet Investments SCA', 'ad hoc announcement', 'AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'Trilantic Capital Partners', 'Reinet share price', 'annual return', 'RSA Group', 'existing investments', 'capital investments', 'structured debt', 'TruArc Partners', 'other opportunities', 'new opportunities', '8.3 per cent', '2 per cent', '50 per cent', 'banking sectors', 'cash resources', 'Art. 53 LR', 'treasury shares', 'Dear Shareholder', 'interest rates', 'major economies', 'available liquidity', 'two schemes', 'strategic path', 'Better Tomorrow', 'smokeless world', 'cigarette consumers', 'smokeless alternatives', 'leadership team', 'flexible capital', 'North America', 'Speciality Manufacturing', 'non-control equity', 'first close', 'subsequent closings', 'additional funds', 'Quarter Results', 'positive results', 'Inaugural dividend', 'second dividend', 'Reinet dividend', 'euro terms', 'early signs', 'investment obligations', 'ordinary share', 'dividend increase', 'significant dividends', 'prior year', 'past year', 'last year', '16.67 per', 'MARCH', 'CEST', 'Release', 'issuer', 'content', 'Board', 'annum', 'Commitments', 'respect', 'total', 'September', 'CHAIRMAN', 'COMMENTARY', 'Overview', 'inflation', 'private', 'improvement', 'costs', 'portfolio', 'challenges', 'hand', 'Coatue', 'access', 'way', 'inception', 'investors', 'receipt', 'decrease', 'strengthening', 'sterling', 'conclusion', 'largest', 'Trustees', '7.5 pence', 'shareholders', 'May', 'April', '11 pence', 'target', 'revenue', 'combustibles', 'capitalisation', 'amounts', '07', '8.1']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,marketscreener.com
41783,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/high-insider-ownership-growth-companies-143359538.html,High Insider Ownership Growth Companies On Euronext Paris May 2024,As of May 2024  the French market  like many across Europe  has been grappling with fluctuating indices and cautious investor sentiment amid discussions about interest rate movements. In such a landscape ,As of May 2024  the French market  like many across Europe  has been grappling with fluctuating indices and cautious investor sentiment amid discussions about interest rate movements. In such a landscape  growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Paris stand out as potentially resilient investments due to their leaders' vested interests aligning closely with shareholder values.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. operates as a digital music service provider for independent labels and artists across various regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  Oceania  and the Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.49 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue through two primary segments: Premium Solutions at €825.12 million and Automated Solutions at €55.19 million.Insider Ownership: 10.9%Earnings Growth Forecast: 74.2% p.a.Believe S.A. is trading significantly below its estimated fair value  presenting a potentially attractive entry point despite slower-than-desired revenue growth at 14% per year. Earnings are expected to surge  with forecasts predicting a substantial increase. The company's return on equity is projected to remain modest in the coming years. Recent events include failed acquisition talks with Warner Music and ongoing discussions with a consortium led by insiders  highlighting high insider involvement but also potential instability in ownership structure.ENXTPA:BLV Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions across fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors with a market capitalization of approximately €1.23 billion.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue primarily from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling approximately €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Earnings Growth Forecast: 28.6% p.a.Lectra SA  a French company with significant insider ownership  reported a slight decline in net income to €7.17 million from €7.63 million year-over-year  despite an increase in sales to €129.56 million for Q1 2024. The company's earnings are expected to grow by 28.6% annually over the next three years  outpacing the French market's forecast of 10.9%. However  its projected return on equity is relatively low at 13.3%  indicating potential challenges in achieving higher profitability levels.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €440.48 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceutical sector  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French growth company with substantial insider ownership  is navigating mixed outcomes in its recent clinical trials. While the Phase 3 trial for F14 did not meet its primary endpoint  it showed numerical improvements in secondary measures and a consistent safety profile. This positions MedinCell to explore alternative approval pathways. Financially  MedinCell is set to grow significantly with projected annual revenue increases of 40.1% and anticipated profitability within three years  despite a highly volatile share price and recent shareholder dilution.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsClick through to start exploring the rest of the 18 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership now.Invested in any of these stocks? Simplify your portfolio management with Simply Wall St and stay ahead with our alerts for any critical updates on your stocks.Unlock the power of informed investing with Simply Wall St  your free guide to navigating stock markets worldwide.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLV ENXTPA:LSS and ENXTPA:MEDCL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.31,0.54,True,English,"['High Insider Ownership Growth Companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'La Française de l', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'digital music service provider', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'high insider involvement', 'significant insider ownership', 'cautious investor sentiment', 'interest rate movements', ""leaders' vested interests"", 'Believe S.A.', 'attractive entry point', 'failed acquisition talks', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'consistent safety profile', 'alternative approval pathways', 'volatile share price', 'recent clinical trials', 'substantial insider ownership', 'two primary segments', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'desired revenue growth', 'recent shareholder dilution', 'higher profitability levels', 'annual revenue increases', 'next three years', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'Warner Music', 'ownership structure', 'Recent events', 'BLV Earnings', 'LSS Earnings', 'shareholder values', 'pharmaceutical sector', 'primary endpoint', 'French market', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'coming years', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'French company', 'fluctuating indices', 'resilient investments', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'independent labels', 'various regions', 'market capitalization', 'fair value', 'substantial increase', 'potential instability', 'Lectra SA', 'furniture sectors', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight decline', 'net income', 'potential challenges', 'mixed outcomes', 'Phase 3 trial', 'numerical improvements', 'secondary measures', 'portfolio management', 'critical updates', 'free guide', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'ongoing discussions', 'stock markets', 'analyst forecasts', 'preferred stocks', '21 stocks', 'May', 'Europe', 'landscape', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', 'subset', 'Overview', 'artists', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Oceania', 'Operations', 'slower', 'return', 'equity', 'consortium', 'insiders', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'Story', 'sales', 'Q1', 'development', 'F14', 'Ideas', 'Actions', 'alerts', 'power', 'investing', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', '10.', '40']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,finance.yahoo.com
41784,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62356894-thierry-amarger-co-opted-as-independent-director-by-vantiva-399.htm,Thierry Amarger co-opted as independent Director by Vantiva,Paris  France - May 29  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  announced that on the recommendation of the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee  Vantiva's Board of Directors  convened on May 28  2024  to co-opt Thierry Amarger as an independent ...,"Press ReleaseThierry Amarger co-opted as independent Directorby VantivaParis  France - May 29  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  announced that on the recommendation of the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee  Vantiva's Board of Directors  convened on May 28  2024  to co-opt Thierry Amarger as an independent Director of Vantiva. He replaces Dominique D'Hinnin  who resigned on April 5  2024.This co-option took effect immediately.Thierry Amarger's co-option will be submitted to shareholders for ratification at the Annual General Meeting to be held on June 19  2024. His term of office will expire at the close of the Annual General Meeting for fiscal year 2024.Brian Shearer  Chairman of the Board of Directors  said: ""I welcome Thierry Amarger to our Board of Directors. He is a proven leader within multiple areas of the global telecommunications ecosystem  and his skillset will be immediately beneficial to all Vantiva stakeholders.""Mr. Amarger  a French national  is currently Senior Vice President & CEO of American Tower in Europe  a global provider of Wireless communication infrastructure.With over 25 years' experience  he has held key leadership positions in large corporations such as American Tower Corporation  Microsoft  Nokia and Gemplus (now called Thales) throughout his career. He has extensive telecommunications and international professional experience and a strong track record in developing new business and transforming organizations to become more customer centric and data driven.Mr. Amarger has a Master Degree of Management from Kedge Business School  an Executive MBA degree from IE Business School (Instituto de Empresa) and has completed the Senior Executive Program at London Business School.He speaks fluent French  English  Spanish and Portuguese. He was nominated in 2013 as one of the French Economic Leaders for tomorrow by the Choiseul Institute. Mr. Amarger lives in Paris.Vantiva's Board of Directors currently comprises 12 Directors  60% of whom are independent. The proportion of women on the Board is 50%.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love - whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group's relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Following the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks in January 2024  Vantiva continues its 130-year legacy as a global leader in the connected home market.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.comand follow Vantiva on LinkedInand X.ContactsVantiva Press RelationsImage 7 for Vantivapress.relations@vantiva.comvantiva.press@image7.frAttachment",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Thierry Amarger', 'independent Director', 'Vantiva', 'Social Responsibility Committee', ""Dominique D'Hinnin"", 'Annual General Meeting', 'Senior Vice President', 'Wireless communication infrastructure', 'key leadership positions', 'strong track record', 'Instituto de Empresa', 'Senior Executive Program', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Kedge Business School', 'IE Business School', 'London Business School', 'international professional experience', 'Executive MBA degree', 'global telecommunications ecosystem', 'American Tower Corporation', 'French Economic Leaders', 'global technology leader', 'connected home market', 'Vantiva Press RelationsImage', 'new business', 'Press Release', 'global provider', 'extensive telecommunications', 'Master Degree', 'regulated market', 'global leader', 'Thierry Amarger', 'independent Director', 'fiscal year', 'Brian Shearer', 'multiple areas', 'Mr. Amarger', 'French national', 'large corporations', 'Choiseul Institute', 'independent company', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'Home Networks', '130-year legacy', 'highest standards', ""25 years' experience"", 'Euronext Paris', 'Vantiva stakeholders', 'Vantiva shares', 'end solutions', '100 years', 'France', 'May', 'recommendation', 'Governance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'option', 'effect', 'shareholders', 'ratification', 'June', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'Chairman', 'skillset', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'Microsoft', 'Nokia', 'Gemplus', 'career', 'organizations', 'customer', 'Management', 'English', 'Spanish', 'Portuguese', 'tomorrow', 'proportion', 'women', 'Technicolor', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', 'clients', 'acquisition', 'CommScope', 'January', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedInand', 'Contacts', 'comvantiva', 'Attachment']",2024-05-06,2024-05-29,finanznachrichten.de
41785,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-amsterdam-growth-leaders-high-133356794.html,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders With High Insider Stakes May 2024,Amid fluctuating global markets  the Netherlands continues to present intriguing opportunities for investors. As we explore growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam  it's essential to recognize the stability and potential resilience these firms can offer in current economic conditions.,Amid fluctuating global markets  the Netherlands continues to present intriguing opportunities for investors. As we explore growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam  it's essential to recognize the stability and potential resilience these firms can offer in current economic conditions.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 67.8% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.ADVERTISEMENTHere we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V. operates a chain of fitness clubs across Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.49 billion.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from two segments: €479.04 million from the Benelux region and €568.21 million from France  Spain  and Germany.Insider Ownership: 12%Earnings Growth Forecast: 66.1% p.a.Basic-Fit  a prominent fitness chain in the Netherlands  demonstrated significant growth with a revenue increase to €1.05 billion in 2023 from €794.57 million the previous year. Despite this  the company recorded a net loss of €2.68 million  an improvement over last year's €3.69 million loss. Insider activities show more buying than selling recently  though not in large volumes. Analysts predict a bright future with expected profit growth and revenue forecasted to outpace the Dutch market significantly.ENXTAM:BFIT Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a software-as-a-service provider for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €272.16 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the Software & Programming segment  amounting to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK  despite its forecast to be unprofitable in the next three years  is expected to see substantial growth with revenue increasing at 24% per year  outpacing the Dutch market average of 9.4%. The company recently reported a slight decline in quarterly revenue but expects Committed Annual Recurring Revenues to reach €50 million by the end of 2024. Challenges include a recent executive resignation and increased shareholder dilution over the past year.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. operates as a postal and logistics service provider catering to businesses and consumers across the Netherlands  other parts of Europe  and internationally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.65 billion.Operations: PostNL's revenue is primarily derived from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.3% p.a.PostNL  despite a challenging Q1 with sales dropping to €763 million and a net loss of €20 million  anticipates recovery with normalized EBIT expected between €80 million and €110 million for 2024. The company's earnings growth is projected to outpace the Dutch market significantly  estimated at 24.3% annually over the next three years. However  its revenue growth lags behind market expectations and it faces a high debt level alongside an unstable dividend track record.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsInvestigate our full lineup of 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership right here.Are you invested in these stocks already? Keep abreast of every twist and turn by setting up a portfolio with Simply Wall St  where we make it simple for investors like you to stay informed and proactive.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Ready For A Different Approach?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:MTRK and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.71,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Stakes', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'Committed Annual Recurring Revenues', 'unstable dividend track record', 'Simply Wall St app', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'high debt level', 'fluctuating global markets', 'current economic conditions', 'automotive retail industry', 'next three years', 'recent executive resignation', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'essential market intelligence', 'logistics service provider', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'long-term focused analysis', 'Dutch market average', 'prominent fitness chain', 'PostNL N.V.', 'The Netherlands segments', 'significant growth', 'profit growth', 'substantial growth', 'Insider activities', 'Revenue Growth', 'fitness clubs', 'two segments', 'BFIT Earnings', 'market capitalization', 'market expectations', 'intriguing opportunities', 'potential resilience', 'Envipco Holding', 'Ebusco Holding', 'full list', 'Benelux region', 'net loss', '€3.69 million loss', 'large volumes', 'bright future', 'Benelux Union', 'Programming segment', 'slight decline', 'shareholder dilution', 'other parts', 'challenging Q1', 'normalized EBIT', 'full lineup', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'Different Approach', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'other vehicles', 'trust entities', 'previous year', 'last year', 'past year', 'revenue increase', 'quarterly revenue', 'MotorK plc', 'preferred stocks', '5 stocks', 'investors', 'stability', 'firms', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'subset', 'Overview', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'improvement', 'Analysts', 'May', 'software', 'Italy', 'Story', 'Challenges', 'postal', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'sales', 'recovery', 'Ideas', 'Actions', 'twist', 'turn', 'portfolio', 'continent', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', 'insiders', 'corporate', '66']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
41786,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62349825-cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-015.htm,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.7440 GBP1.4840 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.7080 GBP1.4520 Volume ...,"DJ Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own SharesCairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 29-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 29 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc (the ""Company"") Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 28th of May 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (""Goodbody"")  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.7440 GBP1.4840 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.7080 GBP1.4520 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.7254 GBP1.4673The purchases form part of the Company's share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 645 781 331 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBP Euronext Dublin Number of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 033 1.7380 XDUB 08:07:47 00028936046TRDU1 2 131 1.7380 XDUB 08:07:47 00028936045TRDU1 16 1.7380 XDUB 08:07:47 00028936044TRDU1 47 1.7380 XDUB 08:07:47 00028936047TRDU1 2 418 1.7440 XDUB 09:15:32 00028937210TRDU1 574 1.7440 XDUB 09:15:32 00028937214TRDU1 1 763 1.7440 XDUB 09:15:32 00028937213TRDU1 2 210 1.7440 XDUB 09:15:32 00028937212TRDU1 716 1.7380 XDUB 09:38:42 00028937676TRDU1 2 125 1.7360 XDUB 09:47:23 00028937741TRDU1 107 1.7360 XDUB 10:09:56 00028937945TRDU1 2 176 1.7360 XDUB 10:09:56 00028937944TRDU1 1 893 1.7360 XDUB 10:22:31 00028938041TRDU1 230 1.7360 XDUB 10:22:31 00028938042TRDU1 1 507 1.7320 XDUB 11:04:42 00028938379TRDU1 2 117 1.7320 XDUB 11:04:42 00028938374TRDU1 577 1.7320 XDUB 11:04:42 00028938373TRDU1 1 410 1.7240 XDUB 11:30:10 00028938609TRDU1 796 1.7240 XDUB 11:30:10 00028938608TRDU1 2 089 1.7300 XDUB 12:01:44 00028938793TRDU1 2 357 1.7320 XDUB 13:05:50 00028939171TRDU1 2 199 1.7300 XDUB 13:05:50 00028939172TRDU1 1 473 1.7280 XDUB 13:15:10 00028939236TRDU1 618 1.7280 XDUB 13:15:10 00028939235TRDU1 2 191 1.7280 XDUB 13:40:40 00028939648TRDU1 2 146 1.7200 XDUB 13:55:05 00028939903TRDU1 1 642 1.7180 XDUB 14:25:05 00028940524TRDU1 816 1.7180 XDUB 14:25:05 00028940523TRDU1 1 403 1.7180 XDUB 14:25:05 00028940522TRDU1 625 1.7180 XDUB 14:25:05 00028940521TRDU1 2 516 1.7160 XDUB 14:37:20 00028941136TRDU1 2 113 1.7160 XDUB 14:50:21 00028941371TRDU1 2 189 1.7160 XDUB 14:58:09 00028941562TRDU1 94 1.7160 XDUB 14:58:09 00028941560TRDU1 2 469 1.7120 XDUB 15:22:15 00028942840TRDU1 2 499 1.7120 XDUB 15:22:15 00028942839TRDU1 2 283 1.7140 XDUB 15:59:11 00028944150TRDU1 4 427 1.7120 XDUB 16:05:12 00028944521TRDU1 1 811 1.7080 XDUB 16:23:08 00028945138TRDU1 2 194 1.7080 XDUB 16:23:08 00028945137TRDU1London Stock ExchangeNumber of Shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 442 1.4840 XLON 08:59:03 00028936913TRDU1 2 074 1.4840 XLON 08:59:03 00028936914TRDU1 2 544 1.4840 XLON 09:37:22 00028937667TRDU1 110 1.4840 XLON 09:37:22 00028937668TRDU1 2 002 1.4820 XLON 10:31:05 00028938123TRDU1 526 1.4820 XLON 10:31:05 00028938124TRDU1 5 021 1.4740 XLON 11:04:42 00028938378TRDU1 53 1.4720 XLON 12:01:44 00028938794TRDU1 375 1.4720 XLON 12:01:44 00028938795TRDU1 320 1.4720 XLON 12:01:44 00028938796TRDU1 2 530 1.4720 XLON 13:29:50 00028939472TRDU1 468 1.4620 XLON 13:51:09 00028939822TRDU1 53 1.4620 XLON 14:13:22 00028940288TRDU1 375 1.4620 XLON 14:25:04 00028940517TRDU1 316 1.4620 XLON 14:25:04 00028940518TRDU1 4 853 1.4620 XLON 14:25:04 00028940519TRDU1 2 625 1.4620 XLON 14:25:04 00028940520TRDU1 429 1.4580 XLON 14:58:09 00028941561TRDU1 1 691 1.4580 XLON 14:58:09 00028941563TRDU1 362 1.4580 XLON 14:58:09 00028941564TRDU1 2 702 1.4540 XLON 15:31:12 00028943205TRDU1 280 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944517TRDU1 30 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944518TRDU1 1 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944519TRDU1 22 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944520TRDU1 17 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944522TRDU1 29 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944523TRDU1 1 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944524TRDU1 6 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944525TRDU1 17 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944526TRDU1 390 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944527TRDU1 1 714 1.4560 XLON 16:05:12 00028944528TRDU1 2 1.4520 XLON 16:23:08 00028945134TRDU1 51 1.4520 XLON 16:23:08 00028945135TRDU1 143 1.4520 XLON 16:23:08 00028945136TRDU1 2 426 1.4520 XLON 16:23:08 00028945139TRDU1----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: POS TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 OAM Categories: 2.4. Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares Sequence No.: 324365 EQS News ID: 1913011 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1913011&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresMay 29  2024 02:00 ET (06:00 GMT)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'DJ Cairn Homes Plc', 'Issuer Name', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Trading venue Time', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Dublin Number', 'GBP Euronext', 'total number', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', 'Transaction Details', '645,781,331 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Own Shares', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'CRN', '07:00 GMT', '29 May', '28th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'XDUB', '00028936046TRDU1', '00028936045TRDU1', '00028936044TRDU1', '00028936047TRDU1', '00028937210TRDU1', '00028937214TRDU1', '00028937213TRDU1', '00028937212TRDU1', '00028937676TRDU1', '00028937741TRDU1', '00028937945TRDU1', '00028938041TRDU1', '00028938042TRDU1', '00028938379TRDU1', '00028938374TRDU1', '00028938373TRDU1', '00028938609TRDU1', '00028938608TRDU1', '00028938793TRDU1', '00028939171TRDU1', '00028939172TRDU1', '00028939236TRDU1', '00028939235TRDU1', '00028939648TRDU1', '00028939903TRDU1', '00028940524TRDU1', '00028940523TRDU1', '00028940522TRDU1', '00028940521TRDU1', '00028941136TRDU1', '00028941371TRDU1', '00028941562TRDU1', '00028941560TRDU1', '00028942840TRDU1', '00028942839TRDU1', '00028944150TRDU1', '00028944521TRDU1', '00028945138TRDU1', '00028945137TRDU1', 'XLON', '00028936913TRDU1', '00028936914TRDU1', '00028937667TRDU1', '00028937668TRDU1', '00028938123TRDU1', '00028938124TRDU1', '00028938378TRDU1', '00028938794TRDU1', '00028938795TRDU1', '00028938796TRDU1', '00028939472TRDU1', '00028939822TRDU1', '00028940288TRDU1', '00028940517TRDU1', '00028940518TRDU1', '00028940519TRDU1', '00028940520TRDU1', '00028941561TRDU1', '00028941563TRDU1', '00028941564TRDU1', '00028943205TRDU1', '00028944517TRDU1', '00028944518TRDU1', '00028944519TRDU1', '00028944520TRDU1', '00028944522TRDU1', '00028944523TRDU1', '00028944524TRDU1', '00028944525TRDU1', '00028944526TRDU1', '00028944527TRDU1']",2024-05-06,2024-05-29,finanznachrichten.de
41787,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/may-2024-spotlight-euronext-paris-060403346.html,May 2024 Spotlight On Euronext Paris Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership,Amid a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable yet promising opportunities. In this context  growth companies on the Euronext Paris with high insider ownership may offer a compelling narrative due to the alignment of interests between company management and shareholders ,Amid a backdrop of fluctuating European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable yet promising opportunities. In this context  growth companies on the Euronext Paris with high insider ownership may offer a compelling narrative due to the alignment of interests between company management and shareholders  potentially fostering robust governance and resilience in uncertain economic times.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.4% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's take a closer look at a couple of our picks from the screened companies.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Believe S.A. offers digital music services to independent labels and artists across regions including France  Germany  Europe  the Americas  Asia  and Oceania  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.49 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through Premium Solutions  which brought in €825.12 million  and Automated Solutions  contributing €55.19 million.Insider Ownership: 10.9%Earnings Growth Forecast: 74.2% p.a.Believe S.A.  a French digital music company  has recently been the subject of acquisition interest  notably rejecting a €1.65 billion offer from Warner Music Group while favoring an internal consortium's lower bid. This highlights strong insider commitment to the company's autonomy and future direction. Despite reporting a significant reduction in net loss from €29.76 million to €5.48 million year-over-year and forecasting revenue growth at 14% annually  Believe's profitability is expected only in the next three years with modest earnings growth projected at 74.2% per annum  slightly below broader market expectations.ENXTPA:BLV Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions across fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors with a market capitalization of approximately €1.23 billion.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue primarily from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Earnings Growth Forecast: 28.6% p.a.Lectra SA  a French technology firm  recorded a slight dip in net income to €7.17 million from €7.63 million year-over-year  despite an increase in sales to €129.56 million. The company is trading at 21% below its estimated fair value and shows promising growth forecasts with earnings expected to rise by 28.6% annually and revenue projected to grow at 11.3% per year  outpacing the French market's 5.7%. However  its Return on Equity is anticipated to remain low at 13.3%.ENXTPA:LSS Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across various therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €440.48 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech firm  is leveraging its proprietary BEPO® technology to develop long-acting injectable treatments  showing promise despite recent setbacks. The company's collaboration with major industry players like Teva and AbbVie underscores its innovative approach  with significant financial backing evident from a $35 million upfront payment from AbbVie and potential milestones reaching up to €1.9 billion. Although MedinCell's F14 trial did not meet its primary endpoint  improvements in secondary measures suggest potential in niche applications. Trading at 67.5% below its fair value and expected to turn profitable within three years  the company is poised for rapid revenue growth at 40.1% annually—substantially outpacing the broader French market's 5.7%.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsDiscover the full array of 21 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership right here.Got skin in the game with these stocks? Elevate how you manage them by using Simply Wall St's portfolio  where intuitive tools await to help optimize your investment outcomes.Take control of your financial future using Simply Wall St  offering free  in-depth knowledge of international markets to every investor.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:BLV ENXTPA:LSS and ENXTPA:MEDCL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.38,0.24,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'May 2024 Spotlight', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'La Française de l', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'stable yet promising opportunities', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'French digital music company', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'promising growth forecasts', 'digital music services', 'LSS Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'strong insider commitment', 'uncertain economic times', 'French technology firm', 'acting injectable medications', 'various therapeutic areas', 'French biotech firm', 'proprietary BEPO® technology', 'long-acting injectable treatments', 'major industry players', '$35 million upfront payment', 'free, in-depth knowledge', 'modest earnings growth', 'Warner Music Group', 'Believe S.A.', 'broader market expectations', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'broader French market', 'next three years', 'significant financial backing', 'rapid revenue growth', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'BLV Earnings', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'modest decline', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'significant reduction', 'financial future', 'market capitalization', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'European markets', 'CAC 40 Index', 'compelling narrative', 'robust governance', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'closer look', 'independent labels', 'acquisition interest', '€1.65 billion offer', 'internal consortium', 'lower bid', 'future direction', 'net loss', 'Lectra SA', 'furniture sectors', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'fair value', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'recent setbacks', 'innovative approach', 'F14 trial', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary measures', 'niche applications', 'full array', 'intuitive tools', 'investment outcomes', 'international markets', 'company management', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'potential milestones', 'backdrop', 'France', 'investors', 'context', 'alignment', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'resilience', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'couple', 'picks', 'Overview', 'artists', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Oceania', 'Operations', 'subject', 'autonomy', 'profitability', 'May', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'Story', 'increase', 'sales', 'Return', 'Equity', 'development', 'promise', 'collaboration', 'Teva', 'AbbVie', 'improvements', 'Ideas', 'Actions', 'skin', 'game', 'portfolio', 'control', 'article', '19.']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,finance.yahoo.com
41788,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-dividend-stocks-euronext-amsterdam-050550896.html,Exploring Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam In May 2024,As of May 2024  the European stock markets  including Euronext Amsterdam  are navigating a complex landscape marked by fluctuating interest rate expectations and varied economic signals across the region.,As of May 2024  the European stock markets  including Euronext Amsterdam  are navigating a complex landscape marked by fluctuating interest rate expectations and varied economic signals across the region. In this environment  dividend stocks continue to be a point of interest for investors looking for potential stability and steady income streams amidst broader market uncertainties.Top 5 Dividend Stocks In The NetherlandsName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Acomo (ENXTAM:ACOMO) 6.56% ★★★★★☆ ABN AMRO Bank (ENXTAM:ABN) 9.64% ★★★★☆☆ Randstad (ENXTAM:RAND) 4.59% ★★★★☆☆ Koninklijke KPN (ENXTAM:KPN) 4.39% ★★★★☆☆ Koninklijke Heijmans (ENXTAM:HEIJM) 4.27% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener.ADVERTISEMENTHere's a peek at a few of the choices from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: ABN AMRO Bank N.V. offers a range of banking products and financial services to retail  private  and business clients both in the Netherlands and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €13.05 billion.Operations: ABN AMRO Bank N.V. generates its revenue primarily through three segments: Corporate Banking (€3.50 billion)  Wealth Management (€1.59 billion)  and Personal & Business Banking (€4.07 billion).Dividend Yield: 9.6%ABN AMRO Bank's dividend yield of 9.64% ranks in the top quartile within the Dutch market  supported by a modest payout ratio of 47.9%. Despite this attractive yield  the dividends have shown volatility over their eight-year history  reflecting some instability. Recent strategic moves include discussions to sell a stake in Neuflize Vie and form a partnership with BNP Paribas Cardif  potentially enhancing ABN's financial positioning without significantly impacting its capital ratios.Story continuesENXTAM:ABN Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Acomo N.V. is a company based in the Netherlands that specializes in sourcing  trading  processing  packaging  and distributing both conventional and organic food ingredients globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €519.50 million.Operations: Acomo N.V. generates revenue through various segments  including Tea (€120.62 million)  Edible Seeds (€257.29 million)  Food Solutions (€24.07 million)  Spices and Nuts (€429.96 million)  and Organic Ingredients (€436.38 million).Dividend Yield: 6.6%ACOMO's dividend yield of 6.56% places it among the top 25% of Dutch dividend payers. However  its dividend history over the past decade has been marked by volatility and unreliability  with significant fluctuations in annual payments. Despite this  dividends are supported by a payout ratio of 85.7%  covered adequately by earnings and more comfortably by cash flows with a cash payout ratio of just 26.1%. The company also trades at a substantial discount to estimated fair value  suggesting potential undervaluation.ENXTAM:ACOMO Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Koninklijke Heijmans N.V. is a Dutch company involved in property development  construction  and infrastructure projects both domestically and internationally  with a market capitalization of approximately €559.32 million.Operations: Koninklijke Heijmans N.V. generates revenue through its Real Estate segment (€411.79 million)  Van Wanrooij segment (€124.76 million)  Infrastructure Works (€800.03 million)  and Construction & Technology (€1.08 billion).Dividend Yield: 4.3%Koninklijke Heijmans reported stable earnings for 2023 with sales rising to €2.12 billion from €1.81 billion  yet net income remained flat at €60 million. Dividend payments have shown growth over the past decade but are marred by volatility and a lack of reliability  reflecting an unstable dividend track record despite a reasonable payout ratio of 37.1% and cash payout ratio of 59%. The recent stock split could affect future dividend per share values  complicating the outlook for consistent returns to shareholders.ENXTAM:HEIJM Dividend History as at May 2024Seize The OpportunityNavigate through the entire inventory of 5 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks here.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ABNENXTAM:ACOMO and ENXTAM:HEIJMHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.3,0.6,True,English,"['Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'May', 'Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '5 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Acomo', 'unstable dividend track record', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Koninklijke Heijmans N.V.', 'Top 5 Dividend Stocks', 'Acomo N.V.', 'varied economic signals', 'Recent strategic moves', 'BNP Paribas Cardif', 'Real Estate segment', 'Van Wanrooij segment', 'ABN Dividend History', 'Dutch dividend payers', 'modest payout ratio', 'reasonable payout ratio', 'ACOMO Dividend History', 'steady income streams', 'recent stock split', 'long-term focused analysis', 'cash payout ratio', 'broader market uncertainties', 'interest rate expectations', 'HEIJM Dividend History', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'European stock markets', 'organic food ingredients', 'top quartile', 'Dividend payments', 'future dividend', 'Organic Ingredients', 'cash flows', 'eight-year history', 'Dutch market', 'Food Solutions', 'net income', 'attractive yield', 'Dutch company', 'Koninklijke KPN', 'market capitalization', 'market movements', 'complex landscape', 'potential stability', 'full list', 'banking products', 'financial services', 'business clients', 'three segments', 'Corporate Banking', 'Wealth Management', 'Business Banking', 'Neuflize Vie', 'financial positioning', 'capital ratios', 'various segments', 'Edible Seeds', 'past decade', 'significant fluctuations', 'annual payments', 'substantial discount', 'fair value', 'potential undervaluation', 'property development', 'infrastructure projects', 'Infrastructure Works', 'share values', 'consistent returns', 'The Opportunity', 'entire inventory', 'close eye', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'stable earnings', '5 stocks', 'The Netherlands', 'May', 'region', 'environment', 'point', 'investors', 'Name', 'ENXTAM', 'Randstad', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'peek', 'choices', 'Overview', 'range', 'retail', 'private', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'Personal', 'dividends', 'volatility', 'instability', 'discussions', 'stake', 'partnership', 'sourcing', 'trading', 'processing', 'packaging', 'conventional', 'Spices', 'Nuts', 'unreliability', 'construction', 'Technology', 'sales', 'growth', 'lack', 'outlook', 'shareholders', 'companies', 'power', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,sg.finance.yahoo.com
41789,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-successfully-completes-575-million-160000238.html,Nexans successfully completes a €575 million bond issuance,Nexans successfully completes a EUR 575 million bond issuance _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  May 29  2024 – Nexans announces today the success of a bond issuance in an aggregate principal amount of EUR 575 million with a 5-year maturity and an annual interest rate of 4.,"NexansNexans successfully completes a EUR 575 million bond issuance_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  May 29  2024 – Nexans announces today the success of a bond issuance in an aggregate principal amount of EUR 575 million with a 5-year maturity and an annual interest rate of 4.125%.Nexans has taken a significant leap forward with this bond issuance  which will be used to finance the acquisition subject to regulatory approvals from the relevant authorities announced in February 2024 of La Triveneta Cavi  an iconic player in the European medium- and low-voltage cable segments  and/or for general corporate purposes of the Group.ADVERTISEMENTNexans seized the opportunity offered by an active and favourable market environment and the transaction has been welcomed by institutional fixed income investors in France and abroad  confirming the market's confidence in the Group's credit quality.Jean-Christophe Juillard  Deputy CEO and CFO of Nexans declared: “The success of this new bond issuance  the largest bond issuance by Nexans  confirms debt capital market confidence in the Group's electrification Pure Player strategy"".The bonds are rated BB+ by Standard & Poor’s and are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as from its issue date.DISCLAIMERThis press release does not constitute an offer to subscribe to the bonds in or from any country or jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer would be unlawful under the applicable laws and regulations.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this press release comes should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal and regulatory restrictions.The bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in “Regulation S” under the Securities Act) (the “U.S. Persons”) absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws.Story continuesAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated €6.5 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tél.: +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91mael.evin@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTél. : +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.13,0.42,True,English,"['€575 million bond issuance', 'Nexans', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'institutional fixed income investors', 'four main business areas', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Maëllys Leostic maellys', 'EUR 575 million bond issuance', 'debt capital market confidence', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other applicable securities laws', 'aggregate principal amount', 'annual interest rate', 'La Triveneta Cavi', 'general corporate purposes', 'U.S. persons', 'largest bond issuance', 'low-voltage cable segments', 'favourable market environment', 'Pure Player strategy', 'new bond issuance', 'Emmanuel Guinot emmanuel', 'climate action', 'applicable laws', 'Regulation S', 'a century', 'compartment A.', 'iconic player', 'regulated market', 'applicable legal', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable exemption', 'new world', 'cable systems', '5-year maturity', 'significant leap', 'regulatory approvals', 'relevant authorities', 'credit quality', 'Jean-Christophe Juillard', 'Deputy CEO', 'Standard & Poor', 'issue date', 'press release', 'regulatory restrictions', 'United States', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', 'standard sales', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Tél.', 'Investor relations', 'registration requirements', 'global leader', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mael Evin', 'Havas Paris', 'Nexans', 'success', 'acquisition', 'February', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'opportunity', 'active', 'transaction', 'France', 'CFO', 'electrification', 'bonds', 'DISCLAIMER', 'offer', 'country', 'regulations', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'account', 'benefit', 'Story', 'planet', 'future', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Generation', 'Transmission', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '4.1', '6']",2024-05-29,2024-05-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
