UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
22307,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,nan,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5']",2023-04-06,2023-04-15,Unknown
22414,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,nan,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn']",2023-04-07,2023-04-15,Unknown
22415,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,nan,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank']",2023-04-07,2023-04-15,Unknown
22560,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,nan,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-15,Unknown
22629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,nan,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-15,Unknown
22723,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@its_maria012 I'm waiting for frozen money of russia bonds coupon .. frozen (or stealen) by euroclear / financial west organization,nan,@its_maria012 I'm waiting for frozen money of russia bonds coupon .. frozen (or stealen) by euroclear / financial west organization,neutral,0.11,0.67,0.22,neutral,0.11,0.67,0.22,True,English,"['russia bonds coupon', 'financial west organization', 'frozen money', 'euroclear', 'russia bonds coupon', 'financial west organization', 'frozen money', 'euroclear']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22724,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@WhaleChart @SanNL11 @QUANT_PAPA - nice the article is states “Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear has said it w… https://t.co/3hMr0EQFuC,nan,@WhaleChart @SanNL11 @QUANT_PAPA - nice the article is states “Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear has said it w… https://t.co/3hMr0EQFuC,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'WhaleChart', 'SanNL11', 'article', 'hMr0EQFuC', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'WhaleChart', 'SanNL11', 'article', 'hMr0EQFuC']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22725,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Kastero22 @KyivIndependent Belgium has frozen EUR 250.6 billion of Russian assets placed through Euroclear  an int… https://t.co/Z7eYYM3t5A,nan,@Kastero22 @KyivIndependent Belgium has frozen EUR 250.6 billion of Russian assets placed through Euroclear  an int… https://t.co/Z7eYYM3t5A,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['KyivIndependent Belgium', 'Russian assets', 'Kastero22', 'EUR', 'Z7eYYM3t5A', 'KyivIndependent Belgium', 'Russian assets', 'Kastero22', 'EUR', 'Z7eYYM3t5A']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22726,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear has confirmed that it is working on developing a distributed ledger platform-based bond issuance and sett… https://t.co/MlOKySJHGv,nan,Euroclear has confirmed that it is working on developing a distributed ledger platform-based bond issuance and sett… https://t.co/MlOKySJHGv,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['distributed ledger platform-based bond issuance', 'Euroclear', 'sett', 'MlOKySJHGv', 'distributed ledger platform-based bond issuance', 'Euroclear', 'sett', 'MlOKySJHGv']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22727,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Let's welcome Euroclear as the gold sponsor! 🎉Euroclear recruits people from all walks of life. Our 4 000+ employ… https://t.co/Fwdqyiyb8n,nan,Let's welcome Euroclear as the gold sponsor! 🎉Euroclear recruits people from all walks of life. Our 4 000+ employ… https://t.co/Fwdqyiyb8n,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['gold sponsor', '4,000+ employ', 'Euroclear', 'people', 'walks', 'life', 'gold sponsor', '4,000+ employ', 'Euroclear', 'people', 'walks', 'life']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22728,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Louisville mourns the loss of five slain Old National employees #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RRBQuzLVQR #regtech,nan,Louisville mourns the loss of five slain Old National employees #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RRBQuzLVQR #regtech,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['five slain Old National employees', 'Louisville', 'loss', 'co', 'RRBQuzLVQR', 'regtech', 'five slain Old National employees', 'Louisville', 'loss', 'co', 'RRBQuzLVQR', 'regtech']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22729,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,PPP fraud investigations heat up. Who will be hit next? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QyZ0KFyXQm #regtech,nan,PPP fraud investigations heat up. Who will be hit next? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QyZ0KFyXQm #regtech,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['PPP fraud investigations', 'PPP fraud investigations']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22730,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Latest global payments news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/moBY6Mkzf9 #regtech,nan,Latest global payments news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/moBY6Mkzf9 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Latest global payments news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'moBY6Mkzf9', 'Latest global payments news', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'moBY6Mkzf9']",2023-04-12,2023-04-15,Unknown
22741,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A new post in ’That Was The Week'The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads ... - Financial… https://t.co/40dXGMmCkW,nan,A new post in ’That Was The Week'The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads ... - Financial… https://t.co/40dXGMmCkW,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group Leads', 'new post', 'Week', 'The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group Leads', 'new post', 'Week']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22742,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"Deutsche Börse leads €8 million investment in #LHoFT member Next Gate Tech""The new funding will enable Next Gate… https://t.co/48cZAyt177",nan,"Deutsche Börse leads €8 million investment in #LHoFT member Next Gate Tech""The new funding will enable Next Gate… https://t.co/48cZAyt177",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Next Gate Tech', '€8 million investment', 'new funding', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Next Gate Tech', '€8 million investment', 'new funding']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22743,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads €8 Million Investment ...: ... between Kneip and N… https://t.co/XB6caBoxbW,nan,The Corporate Venture Capital unit of Deutsche Börse Group Leads €8 Million Investment ...: ... between Kneip and N… https://t.co/XB6caBoxbW,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group', '€8 Million Investment', 'Kneip', 'XB6caBoxbW', 'The Corporate Venture Capital unit', 'Deutsche Börse Group', '€8 Million Investment', 'Kneip', 'XB6caBoxbW']",2023-04-13,2023-04-15,Unknown
22842,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A Discover exec's mission to bring consumer tech to business #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HasLz7RJQj #regtech,nan,A Discover exec's mission to bring consumer tech to business #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HasLz7RJQj #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['A Discover exec', 'consumer tech', 'mission', 'business', 'HasLz7RJQj', 'A Discover exec', 'consumer tech', 'mission', 'business', 'HasLz7RJQj']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22843,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,If we had 'SLEMAC' supervisors  they might have saved Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Lpg8j8em7H #regtech,nan,If we had 'SLEMAC' supervisors  they might have saved Silicon Valley Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Lpg8j8em7H #regtech,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', ""SLEMAC' supervisors"", 'Fintech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', ""SLEMAC' supervisors"", 'Fintech']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22844,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today LCH  tomorrow Euroclear: Stock Exchange Group Unit to Clear Bitcoin Index Futures  Options https://t.co/Ku718gcTcG,nan,Today LCH  tomorrow Euroclear: Stock Exchange Group Unit to Clear Bitcoin Index Futures  Options https://t.co/Ku718gcTcG,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Stock Exchange Group Unit', 'Bitcoin Index Futures', 'LCH', 'Options', 'Stock Exchange Group Unit', 'Bitcoin Index Futures', 'LCH', 'Options']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22845,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CEOs at some of the biggest U.S. banks took pay cuts in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YL0czgHZo3 #regtech,nan,CEOs at some of the biggest U.S. banks took pay cuts in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YL0czgHZo3 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['biggest U.S. banks', 'pay cuts', 'CEOs', 'biggest U.S. banks', 'pay cuts', 'CEOs']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22925,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,NICOX And MKB Nedsense On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/DUEQ77xeP3(VIAN… https://t.co/DJNagnaV1U,nan,NICOX And MKB Nedsense On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/DUEQ77xeP3(VIAN… https://t.co/DJNagnaV1U,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['MKB Nedsense', 'Euronext Session', 'NICOX', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'DUEQ77xeP3', 'DJNagnaV1U', 'MKB Nedsense', 'Euronext Session', 'NICOX', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'DUEQ77xeP3', 'DJNagnaV1U']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22926,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Congratulations to Desert Control on the 2nd anniversary of its listing on the Euronext Growth Oslo exchange. The N… https://t.co/4ax0IsuW6W,nan,Congratulations to Desert Control on the 2nd anniversary of its listing on the Euronext Growth Oslo exchange. The N… https://t.co/4ax0IsuW6W,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.01,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo exchange', 'Desert Control', '2nd anniversary', 'Congratulations', 'listing', 'ax0IsuW6W', 'Euronext Growth Oslo exchange', 'Desert Control', '2nd anniversary', 'Congratulations', 'listing', 'ax0IsuW6W']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22927,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 14  14:37:00: VEON management to increase share ownership https://t.co/2ugONBOYNu,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on April 14  14:37:00: VEON management to increase share ownership https://t.co/2ugONBOYNu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Press Release', 'VEON management', 'share ownership', 'April', 'Press Release', 'VEON management', 'share ownership', 'April']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22934,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/c-o-r-r-e-024500920.html,/C O R R E C T I O N from Source -- Lundin Mining Corporation/,"(TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on...","In the news release  Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results  issued 11-Apr-2023 by Lundin Mining Corporation over CNW  we are advised by the company that the Annual Meeting date referenced in the first sentence should read ""Thursday  May 11"" rather than ""Thursday  May 12"" as originally issued inadvertently. The complete  corrected release follows:Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 ResultsLundin Mining Corporation Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  April 11  2023 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 11  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2023. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are now available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at https://lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/. Additionally  the Company announces that the report for the first quarter ended March 31  2023 will be published on Wednesday  May 3  2023.To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24  2023. Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 11  2023. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Story continuesNotice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday  May 4  2023. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 416 764 8646Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 888 396 8049Call-in number for the conference call (Sweden): 020 089 9189To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802beThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until June 4  2023.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 877 674 7070 or (internationally) +1 416 764 8692The passcode for the replay is: 286049A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link above.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations and projects in Argentina  Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 11  2023 at 16:30 Eastern Time.Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2023/13/c8939.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.21,0.02,True,English,"['C O R R E C T I O N', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Source', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call', 'Lundin Mining Corporation Logo', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'live audio webcast', 'North America Toll', 'live webcast presentation', 'Conference call details', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'easy electronic access', 'related meeting materials', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'Annual Meeting date', 'other meeting materials', 'first sentence', 'associated management', 'record date', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'electronic delivery', 'associated materials', 'shareholder attendance', 'The Circular', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Professional Accountants', 'Executive Compensation', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Computershare Sweden', 'direct link', 'paper copies', 'news release', 'CNW Group', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', 'The Company', 'ensuing year', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'notice shareholders', 'Dates', 'May', 'Thursday', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'LUMI', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website', 'corporate-filings', 'report', 'March', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'items', 'consideration', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'Story', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'time', 'number', '10:00', '08:00', '14:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22935,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-070000925.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,NIBE Industrier AB (publ) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General...,NIBE Industrier ABNIBE Industrier AB (publ)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023  at 5.00 p.m. in NIBE’s new heat pump factory  Verkstadsgatan 3  Markaryd. Between 13.00 and 16.00 p.m. the shareholders are ­welcome to visit NIBE Stove’s product exhibition at Skulptörvägen 10 and NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition as well as Vetenskapshuset at Hannabadsvägen 1 in Markaryd.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting;– shall be recorded in their own name in the printout of the share register made by Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear”) on Monday 8 May 2023 and – shall notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of nominees must – in addition to their notification to attend the meeting – re-register such shares in their own name at Euroclear. Such registration can be temporary and must be effected no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023. Shareholders must inform their nominees and request re-registration of the shares well in advance of the aforementioned date.The Annual General Meeting will be held in Swedish.NotificationNotification of attendance at the Annual General Meeting can be made in writing to the following address: NIBE Industrier AB  Årsstämma  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden by phone +46 433 27 36 00 or by www.nibe.com.When submitting notification of attendance please state name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address and telephone number  number of shares and class of shares as well as number of advisors.Shareholders represented by proxy should send a ­written and dated proxy together with the notification of attendance. The proxy may at the time of the meeting not be older than one year if a longer period of validity is not stated in the proxy  however not longer than five years from the date of issue of the proxy. A proxy form for this purpose is provided by www.nibe.com. The proxy form can also be ordered by phone as described above. If requested  the proxy shall be presented in original. Representatives of a legal entity shall present a certificate of registration or a corresponding document of qualification showing the person(s) ­authorized to sign for the legal entity. As a ­confirmation of the notification of attendance NIBE Industrier AB will send an admission card which shall be brought to the meeting and shown at the recording.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of a voting list.4. Approval of the board of directors’ proposed agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Examination if the meeting has been properly convened.7. The managing director’s statement.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report  the group financial statement and the group auditor’s report as well as the auditor’s statement concerning the application of the guiding principles for remuneration to senior executives decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022.9. Resolution in respect ofa) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet c) discharge from liability of the board members and the managing director.10. Determination of the number of board members and deputy board members to be elected by the meeting.11. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firms.12. Determination of fees to the board members and the auditors.13. Election of board members  chairman of the board and deputy board members  if any.14. Election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or ­registered public accounting firms.15. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors’ remuneration report.16. Resolution in respect of the board of directors’ ­proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/business.17. Resolution in respect of guiding principles for ­remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executives.18. Closing of the meeting.Proposed decisionsThe class A-shareholders of the company  together ­representing more than 60% of the votes in the company  hereby give proposals for decision in accordance with items 2  10  11  12  13 and 14 below. The board of directors  on its part  hereby gives proposals for decision in accordance with items 9  15  16 and 17 below.2 Proposal for election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingIt is proposed that Hans Linnarson shall be chairman at the Annual General Meeting.9 DividendThe board of directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to distribute to the shareholders 0.65 SEK per share for the financial year 2022. Friday 19 May 2023 is proposed as record date for the dividend. If the Annual General Meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that the dividend will be distributed by Euroclear on Wednesday 24 May 2023.10 Proposal for number of board members and deputy board membersIt is proposed that 7 ordinary board members  without deputies  shall be elected.11 Proposal for number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firmsIt is proposed that a registered public accounting firm is appointed.12 Proposal for fees to the board members and the auditorsIt is proposed that fees to the board of directors shall be paid with a total amount of 3 500 000 SEK  of which 1 000 000 SEK to the chairman of the board and 500 000 SEK to each one of the other board members elected by the general meeting  who are not employed in the group.It is proposed that fees to the auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.13 Proposal for election of board members and chairman of the boardIt is proposed that the board members Georg Brunstam  Jenny Larsson  Gerteric Lindquist  Hans Linnarson  Anders Pålsson  Eva Karlsson and Eva Thunholm are re-elected as board members. It is proposed that Hans Linnarson is re-elected as chairman of the board.14 Proposal for election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or registered public accounting firmsFor the period up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024 it is proposed that KPMG AB is elected as registered public accounting firm. KPMG has announced that if the Annual General Meeting is voting in accordance with the proposal  KPMG will appoint authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg as auditor in charge.15 Approval of the remuneration reportThe guidelines regarding remuneration to senior executives and the group management were decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022. The board of directors has prepared a remuneration report for remuneration paid and due that is covered by the company’s remuneration guidelines according to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board’s remuneration rules.The board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report.16 The board of directors’ proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on an issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/businessThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to authorize the board of directors to decide  on one or several occasions during the time up to the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  on issue of new shares of class B in the company. The authorization shall also include right to decide on issue of shares with provision stating payment with non-cash consideration  that shares may be subscribed for with right of set-off or otherwise with conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. Share issue may only be decided if it concerns financing of acquisition of companies  part of a company or businesses. The authorization does not include a right for the board of directors to decide on cash issues with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorization shall be limited to a total issue of shares corresponding to a maximum of 10% of the total number of outstanding shares at the time of the Annual General Meeting.Further  the board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides that the managing director  or anyone authorized by the managing director  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments of the meeting’s decision that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear respectively or due to other formal demands.For a valid decision of the meeting in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal as above it is required that the decision is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.17 The board of directors’ proposal for guiding principles concerning remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executivesThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to adopt the following guiding principles.Subject and field of application of the guidelinesThese guidelines shall apply to the corporate group of NIBE’s senior executives  which consist of the managing director/CEO  financial director/CFO and the three business area managers. These guidelines shall also apply regarding remuneration (for example consultant’s fee)  if any  for work carried out by a board member  in addition to the board assignment  for the corporate group of NIBE or one of its group companies. Unless otherwise stated below  the guidelines do not apply to the board member remuneration  which are determined by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines shall promote the business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability of the companyIn short  NIBE’s business strategy is to provide world-class sustainable energy solutions. For more information regarding the company’s business strategy  visit www.nibe.com. A successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and the procurement of NIBE’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  rely on NIBE’s ability to attract and retain a management that is highly qualified and with the capacity to reach stated goals. Thus  it is a prerequisite that the company can offer remuneration terms that are competitive. These guidelines enable NIBE to offer remuneration to senior executives on market terms and to be competitive in order to attract and retain personnel.Types of remunerationRemuneration may be paid as fixed salary  variable salary  pension and other benefits such as car benefit.Board fees shall not be paid to senior executives  who are employed in the group.All senior executives  who have not reached the age of 65  shall have retirement benefits corresponding to the defined benefit ITP-plan (supplementary pensions for ­salaried employees) (SW: ITP-planen)  section 2  for salary parts up to 30 income base amounts (SW: inkomstbasbelopp). For salary parts exceeding 30 income base amounts  a premium with a fixed percentage of 30% shall be paid  in accordance with the same principles as in the ITP-plan with fixed premium  section 1. The retirement premiums may  in total  amount to a maximum of 35% of the total remuneration. Senior executives  who have reached the age of 65  are not entitled to retirement benefits.Other benefits  i.a. medical insurance  life insurance and car benefit  may  in total  amount to a maximum of 5% of the total remuneration.Criteria for payment of variable remunerationSenior executives shall as incentive be able to obtain a variable salary part  which is paid if the goals that have been set are met. These goals are set by the board of directors and shall be measurable and predetermined  e.g. percentage growth  operating margin and working capital reduction. The goals are set for one financial year at a time. By rewarding clear and measurable performance linked to the company’s financial and operational development  the goals set shall promote to motivate the senior executives to achieve the company’s goals regarding business strategies  long-term interests and sustainability.The variable salary part shall be limited to four monthly salaries. In addition thereto  an extra monthly salary may be paid as remuneration  provided that the senior executive uses this extra remuneration and an additional monthly salary of his/her variable remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares. A condition for the extra remuneration is that the senior executive keeps the annually acquired NIBE-shares for at least three years. If the condition is not met  the company is entitled to recover this part of the remuneration. The purpose of the extra remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares is to increase the senior executives’ longterm interests in the company and hence promote the company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Normally  the senior executives’ acquisition of NIBE-shares will be made once a year in February/March  with regard to applicable market abuse legislation. The managing director shall not be included in any incentive program.Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed for an indefinite or fixed term.Upon termination by the company  the term of notice for the managing director shall be six months. The managing director shall be entitled to severance payment corresponding to twelve monthly salaries.Other senior executives shall receive salary during the term of notice  which varies between 6-12 months.There shall be no special agreement stating that senior executives may terminate their employment before they have reached retirement age and until then receive a certain part of their salary.Consideration of salary and terms of employment when preparing the guidelinesWhen preparing the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines  the average salary and terms of employment of the employees at the Swedish companies within the NIBE group have been taken into account. This has been achieved by obtaining information regarding the employees’ average salary and terms of employment as well as rate of increase of remuneration over time during the employment at NIBE. A very important additional factor has been the group’s growth  with regard to the turnover as well as the result. Moreover  comparison has been made with other Swedish listed companies of the same size. This information has been part of the board of directors’ decisionmaking ­documentation in order to evaluate the reasonableness of the guidelines.Fees for consultancy services performed by board membersThe company’s board members elected by the Annual General Meeting may in special cases be remunerated for consultancy services within their respective fields of competence  which do not constitute the board assignment  for a limited time. For these services  remuneration shall be offered on market terms.How these guidelines have been preparedThese guidelines have been prepared by the board of directors. The managing director and the other senior­executives have not participated in the board of directors’ preparations and decisions regarding these guidelines.The guidelines are subject to annual review through personal contact by the chairman of the board with the major shareholders.Deviation from these guidelinesThe board of directors may deviate from the guidelines as regards pension  bonus and other benefits if there are particular grounds for a deviation in a special case and if it is necessary in order to meet the company’s long-term interests and sustainability or to ensure the company’s financial viability.The presence of significant changesThe proposal for guidelines is in line with the guidelines approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022. The annual review of the guidelines has not resulted in any significant changes.Documents availableThe annual report and the auditor’s report  complete proposals for decision concerning items 16 and 17  the auditor’s statement according to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act and other documents will be kept available for the shareholders at the company’s premises in Markaryd and on the company’s web site  www.nibe.com  at the latest from 25 April 2023 and will be sent to shareholders requesting it and stating their address.Right to informationThe shareholders have the right to request information at the Annual General Meeting concerning conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of the company’s financial situation.Shares and votesAt the time of execution of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 016 066 488  of which 233 130 360 shares of class A and 1 782 936 128 shares of class B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 4 114 239 728.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfMarkaryd in April 2023NIBE Industrier AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information: Gerteric Lindquist  CEO and Hans Backman  CFO; +46 (0) 433-27 30 00This press release contains information that NIBE Industrier AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to Nasdaq Stockholm´s Rule book for Issuers. This information was submitted by the contact persons above for publication on 14 April 2023 at 09.00 CET.NIBE Group – a global group with companies and a presence worldwideNIBE Group is a global organisation that contributes to a lower carbon footprint and better utilisation of energy. In our three business areas – Climate Solutions  Element and Stoves – we develop  manufacture and market a wide range of eco-friendly  energy-efficient solutions for indoor climate comfort in all types of properties  plus components and solutions for intelligent heating and control in industry and infrastructure.Since its beginnings in the town of Markaryd in the province of Småland 70 years ago  NIBE has grown into an international company with an average of 21 300 (20 400) employees and a global presence. From the very start  the company has been driven by a strong culture of entrepreneurship and a passion for corporate responsibility. Its success factors are long-term investments in sustainable product development and strategic acquisitions. Combined  these factors have brought about strong  targeted growth  which generated sales of just over SEK 40 billion (SEK 30 billion) in 2022.NIBE has been listed under the name NIBE Industrier AB on the Nasdaq Nordic Large Cap list since 1997  with a secondary listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2011.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.23,0.25,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition', 'new heat pump factory', 'registered public accounting firms', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'NIBE Industrier AB', 'Skulptörvägen', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'group financial statement', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy board members', 'NIBE Stove', 'Hannabadsvägen', 'annual report', 'new shares', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'share register', 'Monday 8 May', 'Wednesday 10 May', 'Årsstämma', 'longer period', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'guiding principles', 'senior executives', 'other terms', 'Hans Linnarson', 'deputy auditors', 'group auditor', 'telephone number', 'following address', 'one year', 'class A-shareholders', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'state name', 'remuneration report', 'NOTICE', 'Verkstadsgatan', 'Markaryd', 'Vetenskapshuset', 'Right', 'printout', 'company', 'intention', 'nominees', 'addition', 'notification', 'advance', 'Swedish', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'advisors', 'written', 'time', 'validity', 'five', 'issue', 'purpose', 'original', 'Representatives', 'certificate', 'qualification', 'confirmation', 'card', 'recording', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'directors', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'application', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'fees', 'proposal', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'business', 'employment', 'Closing', 'decisions', 'votes', 'accordance', 'items', 'part', '9 Dividend', '0.65 SEK', '5.00', '13.00', '16.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22936,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-newcell-062000487.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell AB,Re:NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW) Re:NewCell AB  Reg. No. 556885-6206  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General...,"STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / April 14  2023 / Re:NewCell AB (publ) (FRA:6QP)(STO:RENEW) Re:NewCell AB  Reg. No. 556885-6206  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 16 May 2023 at 10:00 a.m. CEST at IVA Konferenscenter (Wallenbergsalen) Grev Turegatan 16  SE-114 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration starts at 09:30 a.m. CEST.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 8 May 2023  and (ii) no later than 10 May 2023 give notice by post to Cardellgatan 1  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to agm@renewcell.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company's website  www.renewcell.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 15 May 2023.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 8 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 10 May 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and of the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report. Resolution on:a. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b. appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet c. discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors. Determination of fees to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee. Resolution on adoption of a warrant-based incentive program for a maximum of two new key persons. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2 - Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Michael Berg  or in the event of his absence  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead  be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b - Appropriation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is paid and that available profits are carried forward.Item 10 - Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five.Item 11 - Determination of fees to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the fees to the Board of Directors shall be the following (fees for 2022 in brackets):SEK 300 000 (300 000) to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 150 000 (150 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting. However  no fee shall be paid to Board members who are employed in the Company or dependent in relation to major shareholders  andSEK 150 000 (125 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  and SEK 20 000 (20 000) to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 15 000 (15 000) to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee.Item 12 - Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Michael Berg  Mia Hemmingson  Anna Attemark  Helene Willberg and Henrik Ager. All members are elected for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee proposes that Michael Berg is elected Chairman of the Board.Item 13 - Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that one registered accounting firm be appointed as auditor  without deputy auditors.Item 14 - Determination of fees to the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees be paid as per approved invoice.Item 15 - Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  that the registered accounting firm KPMG AB is elected as the Company's new auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG AB has informed that the Authorized Public Accountant Johanna Hagström Jerkeryd will be appointed auditor in charge  should KPMG AB be elected as auditor.Item 16 - Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instrumentsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments. The total number of shares that may be issued under the authorization (including any new shares following exercise or conversion of warrants or convertible instruments issued under the authorization) may correspond to an increase of the share capital by no more than ten percent at the time the authorization is used for the first time. Resolutions by support of the authorization may include provisions on non-cash  set-off or cash payment.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place in order to increase the Company's financial flexibility and the Board of Director's room for maneuver. To the extent than an issue by support of the authorization takes place with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue shall take place on market terms.The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the authorization that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 17 - Resolution on principles for appointment of a Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024 as set out below.The Nomination Committee shall comprise the Chairman of the Board together with one member appointed by each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company as of 31 August. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the Company. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the Nomination Committee. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee  unless the Nomination Committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a member to the Nomination Committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the Annual General Meeting at the latest  the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one member to the Nomination Committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the Nomination Committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the Annual General Meeting. Should a member resign from the Nomination Committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall have the right to discharge such member and appoint a new member.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced immediately. The term of the office for the Nomination Committee ends when the next Nomination Committee has been appointed. The Nomination Committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Item 18 - Resolution on adoption of a warrant-based incentive program for a maximum of two new key personsThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a warrant-based incentive program for a maximum of two new key persons in the company through (A) resolution on issue of warrants of series 2023/2026 to the company  and (B) resolution on approval of transfer of warrants of series 2023/2026 from the company to a maximum of two new key persons in the company  in accordance with below.Background and objectiveThe Board of Directors considers it important that new key persons are given an opportunity to receive remuneration that is related to and dependent on the value growth they contribute to creating  similar to LTIP 2021/2024 and LTIP 2022/2025 that the company´s other key persons are subject to. Furthermore  the Board of Directors believes that it is beneficial for the company and the shareholders that key persons are given a personal and long-term ownership commitment. Such ownership commitment is expected to stimulate increased interest in the company's business and earnings development as a whole  as well as to achieve increased community of interest between the participants and the company's shareholders.In light of the terms  the size of the allotment and other circumstances  the Board of Directors considers that the proposed warrant program as follows below is reasonable and beneficial for the company and its shareholders.A. Issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a directed issue of no more than 40 000 warrants of series 2023/2026  meaning the share capital upon full exercise may increase by no more than SEK 1 020.90. The following conditions shall otherwise apply to the resolution.The right to subscribe warrants is  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  given to Re:NewCell AB with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to a maximum of two new key persons within the company in accordance with the proposal under item B below. The company shall have no right to dispose of the warrants in any other way than as follows from the proposal under item B below. Over-subscription is not allowed. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants shall be used within the framework of the warrant program. The warrants shall be issued free of charge to the company. Subscription of the warrants shall take place within six months from the day of the resolution on the issue. The Board of Directors has the right to prolong the subscription period. Each (1) warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) share in the company. Subscription of new shares by support of the warrants may take place during the period commencing on 1 December 2026 (however not earlier than the day after the publication of the company's interim report for the period Q3 2026) up to and including the date that falls 30 calendar days thereafter. Under the terms and conditions of the warrants  the period during which the warrants may be exercised may be extended if participants are prevented from exercising their subscription rights due to applicable laws on insider trading or any equivalents. The subscription price for each new share subscribed by support of the warrants shall be determined to an amount equivalent to 160 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company's share on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during the period of ten trading days immediately preceding the offer to subscribe for warrants  rounded to the nearest full ten cents (Sw. öre) whereby five cents shall be rounded up. However  the subscription price shall not be less than the share's quota value. In connection with subscription of shares exercised through warrants  the part of the subscription price that exceeds the quotient value shall be added to the non-restricted share premium reserve. The newly issued shares following exercise of the warrants shall carry rights to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that takes place after the shares have been registered and recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the company and which have not been transferred in accordance with item B below or which have been repurchased from the participants may be canceled by the company following a resolution by the Board of Directors. Cancellation must be reported to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. The complete terms and conditions for the warrants are available on the company's website  renewcell.com. As set forth in the terms and conditions for the warrants  the subscription price and the number of shares that each warrant entitle to subscription of may be recalculated in certain cases.B. Approval of transfer of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the company  within the framework of the warrant program  transfers no more than 40 000 warrants of series 2023/2026 to a maximum of two new key persons in the company on the following terms:The warrant program will include a maximum of two new key persons (the ""participants"") with a total allocation of a maximum of 40 000 warrants of series 2023/2026 and with an allocation of a maximum of 40 000 warrants to one participant. Over-allotment is not allowed.Right to acquire warrants from the company presupposes that the participants by the end of the subscription period have not resigned or been dismissed. Warrants that are not acquired as above or that are repurchased from participants may be offered future new key persons. For such acquisitions  the conditions shall be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this resolution.Transfers to the participants presupposes that the warrants can be acquired legally and that the Board of Directors assesses that it can be made against reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Transfer to the participants may not take place after the 2024 Annual General Meeting. The company's Board of Directors resolves on the final allotment  in accordance with the principles established by the general meeting.The reason why persons may be granted warrants at such a time that the time between the allotment and the beginning of the period for subscription of new shares by support of the warrants may be less than three years is that the Board of Directors deems it important that such new employees  for the reasons that apply to the program as a whole  are given an opportunity to take part in the value growth of Re:NewCell's share already at the beginning of the employment.The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price established in accordance with a calculated market value for the warrants by application of Black & Scholes valuation model.Payment for allotted warrants shall be made in cash no later than ten days after the notice of acquisition. The warrants shall otherwise be subject to market terms.A prerequisite for being allotted warrants is that the participants have signed a special post-transfer purchase rights agreement on customary terms and conditions set by the Board of Directors. Under the terms of the repurchase agreement  the company  or its designee  has the right to repurchase warrants from the participants under certain conditions  subject to such limitations as may be imposed by law.DilutionAs of the day of the proposal there are 37 358 416 shares in the company. If all warrants that may be issued and transferred are exercised for subscription of shares  the number of shares and votes in the company will increase by no more than 40 000 (subject to possible recalculation of the number of shares according to the terms and conditions of the warrants)  corresponding to a dilution of the share capital and votes in the company of approximately 0.11 percent.Preliminary valuation  costs for the company and effect on key ratiosThe market value of a warrant of series 2023/2026 is  pursuant to preliminary valuation in accordance with Black & Scholes valuation model  SEK 10.02. The preliminary valuation is based on the assumption that the volume-weighted average price of the company's share on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during the period of ten trading days immediately preceding the offer to subscribe for the warrants  will amount to SEK 77.30  resulting in a subscription price of SEK 123.70 per share upon exercise of the warrants  and the assumption of a volatility of 37.5 percent  a risk-free interest rate of 2.7 percent  a dividend yield of 0 percent and a term of three years. In connection with transfers of warrants to participants  the market value will be established based on updated assumptions and then-known parameters.As the warrants are to be transferred the key person at an estimated market value  the incentive program is not deemed to entail any costs in addition to certain minor costs for the preparation and administration. Assuming issue and full allotment of the proposed warrants  the proceeds from the transfers of warrants are estimated to exceed the costs of creating the program.The warrants are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key ratio earnings per share.Preparation of the proposalThe proposed resolution on adoption of the incentive program and the proposals under item A and B above have been prepared by the Board of Directors and its Remuneration Committee in consultation with external advisors.OtherThe Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustment to the above resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Existing incentive programsAt the time of this proposal  there are four outstanding share-based incentive programs in the company. For a description of the company's other outstanding share-based incentive programs in the company  reference is made to the company's annual report for 2022  note 8  and to the company's website  renewcell.com.Other informationNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee consists of Per Olofsson (appointed by Girincubator AB and Girindus Investments AB jointly)  Nanna Andersen (appointed by H&M Fashion AB)  Suzanne Sandler (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder) as well as Michael Berg (Chairman of the Board).Majority requirementsTo be valid  resolution pursuant to the proposal under item 16 on the proposed agenda must be supported by shareholders representing no less than two-thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. To be valid  resolution pursuant to the proposal under item 18 on the proposed agenda must be supported by shareholders representing no less than nine-tenths of the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in Re:NewCell  as well as the total number of voting rights  amounts to 37 358 416. The Company holds no treasury shares.Information at the Annual General MeetingIn accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act the Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information at the meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or subsidiary's financial position and the Company's relationship to other group companies.Available documentsAccounting documents and the accompanying auditor's report as well as the Board of Director's complete proposals and other documents pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available from the Company for at least three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The documents will also be available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Copies of the above documents are also sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.Information on all proposed members of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee's reasoned opinion regarding proposals for the Board of Directors is available on the Company's website  www.renewcell.com.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data are processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.____________Re:NewCell ABStockholm in April 2023The Board of DirectorsContactToby Lawton  CFOagm@renewcell.comAttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting in Re:NewCell ABSOURCE: Re:NewCell AB (publ)View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/749225/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-ReNewCell-AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.28,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'Notice', 'two new key persons', 'Re:NewCell AB', 'warrant-based incentive program', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Nomination Committee', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'voting right registration', 'corporate registration number', 'two persons', 'other Board members', 'two assistants', 'consolidated accounts', 'voting list', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'annual report', 'The Board', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'accompanying assistant', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'Managing Director', 'convertible instruments', 'Michael Berg', 'available profits', 'major shareholders', 'other members', 'Such registration', 'equivalent certificate', 'deputy auditors', 'telephone number', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'publ', 'FRA', '6QP', 'STO', 'RENEW', 'Reg.', 'office', 'notice', '16 May', 'CEST', 'Wallenbergsalen', '09:30 a', 'participation', 'circumstances', '8 May', '10 May', 'post', 'Cardellgatan', 'mail', 'agm', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', '15 May', 'addition', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'fees', 'authorization', 'issues', 'warrants', 'principles', 'appointment', 'maximum', 'Closing', 'Item', 'event', 'absence', 'brackets', 'SEK', 'relation', '10:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22937,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/lundin-mining-announces-dates-of-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-first-quarter-2023-results-301797261.html,Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results,"TORONTO  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 11  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio …","TORONTO  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 11  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2023. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are now available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at https://lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/. Additionally  the Company announces that the report for the first quarter ended March 31  2023 will be published on Wednesday  May 3  2023.To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24  2023. Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 11  2023. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022 and the report of the auditors thereon;and the report of the auditors thereon; To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Notice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday  May 4  2023. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 416 764 8646Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 888 396 8049Call-in number for the conference call (Sweden): 020 089 9189To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802beThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until June 4  2023.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 877 674 7070 or (internationally) +1 416 764 8692The passcode for the replay is: 286049A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link above.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations and projects in Argentina  Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 11  2023 at 16:30 Eastern Time.Contact: Mark Turner  Vice President  Business Valuations and Investor Relations: +1 416 342 5565; Irina Kuznetsova  Manager  Investor Relations: +1 416 342 5583; Robert Eriksson  Investor Relations Sweden: +46 8 440 54 50SOURCE Lundin Mining Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Lundin Mining', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'live audio webcast', 'North America Toll', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'Conference call details', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'live webcast presentation', 'easy electronic access', 'related meeting materials', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Lundin Mining website', 'other meeting materials', 'associated management', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'presentation slideshow', 'electronic delivery', 'associated materials', 'shareholder attendance', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Professional Accountants', 'Executive Compensation', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Computershare Sweden', 'direct link', 'PDF format', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'Annual Meeting', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', 'ensuing year', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Company', 'notice shareholders', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', 'LUN2023', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'corporate-filings', 'report', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'items', 'consideration', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'time', 'number', 'replay', 'completion', 'June', 'passcode', 'diversified', '10:00', '08:00', '14:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,prnewswire.co.uk
22938,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647172/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-04-21BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061  SE0011281922  2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01 Bid...,Bid procedure  2023-04-21 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1061  SE0011281922  2029-11-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01Bid date 2023-04-21 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 750 million SEK +/-750 million SEK1056: 750 million SEK +/-750 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1061: 750 million SEK per bid1056: 750 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-04-25 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-04-14This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '750 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22939,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MULTITUDE-SE-20568917/news/Multitude-Registration-Form-English-43497972/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Multitude : Registration Form (English),(marketscreener.com)    ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MULTITUDE SE 2023 - REGISTRATION FORM   The Annual General Meeting of Multitude SE is being held on Thursday  27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanad…,ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MULTITUDE SE 2023 - REGISTRATION FORMThe Annual General Meeting of Multitude SE is being held on Thursday  27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland.The company's shareholders can attend or participate in the Annual General Meeting in person  by registering their details by completing this online form no later than on 24 April 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST / Finnish time). Registration by this form is possible only for shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account. A personal admission card and voting card will be sent to the details provided below  within a few days of completion of registration.If a shareholder wishes to bring an assistant  they must register their assistant using this online registration form.Please note that this form should only be used by directly registered shareholders. Holders of nominee registered shares will have to register for the Annual General Meeting by having their shares temporarily registered with the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by 24 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time).I am registering as (please check the correct box below):Private individual Legal entity *Declaration (only if the shareholder is a legal entity):I am authorised to represent the shareholder and by signing and submitting this form  I hereby certify that I have the right to register for the Annual General Meeting on behalf of the shareholder.Details of the person completing and signing the form,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Registration Form', 'Multitude', 'English', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'Private individual Legal entity', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'personal admission card', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'online registration form', 'Finnish time', 'voting card', 'online form', 'MULTITUDE SE', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'nominee registered', 'correct box', 'shareholder register', 'Thursday', 'April', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'company', 'shareholders', 'details', 'shares', 'days', 'completion', 'assistant', 'Declaration', 'right', 'behalf', '4:00', '10.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22940,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NIBE-INDUSTRIER-AB-PUBL-27811937/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-43491543/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Notice of Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) NIBE Industrier AB NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  The shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023  at 5.00 p.m. in NIBE’s new heat pump factory  Verkstadsgatan 3  Ma…,NIBE Industrier AB (publ)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023  at 5.00 p.m. in NIBE’s new heat pump factory  Verkstadsgatan 3  Markaryd. Between 13.00 and 16.00 p.m. the shareholders are ­welcome to visit NIBE Stove’s product exhibition at Skulptörvägen 10 and NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition as well as Vetenskapshuset at Hannabadsvägen 1 in Markaryd.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting;– shall be recorded in their own name in the printout of the share register made by Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear”) on Monday 8 May 2023 and – shall notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of nominees must – in addition to their notification to attend the meeting – re-register such shares in their own name at Euroclear. Such registration can be temporary and must be effected no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023. Shareholders must inform their nominees and request re-registration of the shares well in advance of the aforementioned date.The Annual General Meeting will be held in Swedish.NotificationNotification of attendance at the Annual General Meeting can be made in writing to the following address: NIBE Industrier AB  Årsstämma  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden by phone +46 433 27 36 00 or by www.nibe.com.When submitting notification of attendance please state name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address and telephone number  number of shares and class of shares as well as number of advisors.Shareholders represented by proxy should send a ­written and dated proxy together with the notification of attendance. The proxy may at the time of the meeting not be older than one year if a longer period of validity is not stated in the proxy  however not longer than five years from the date of issue of the proxy. A proxy form for this purpose is provided by www.nibe.com. The proxy form can also be ordered by phone as described above. If requested  the proxy shall be presented in original. Representatives of a legal entity shall present a certificate of registration or a corresponding document of qualification showing the person(s) ­authorized to sign for the legal entity. As a ­confirmation of the notification of attendance NIBE Industrier AB will send an admission card which shall be brought to the meeting and shown at the recording.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of a voting list.4. Approval of the board of directors’ proposed agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Examination if the meeting has been properly convened.7. The managing director’s statement.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report  the group financial statement and the group auditor’s report as well as the auditor’s statement concerning the application of the guiding principles for remuneration to senior executives decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022.9. Resolution in respect ofa) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet c) discharge from liability of the board members and the managing director.10. Determination of the number of board members and deputy board members to be elected by the meeting.11. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firms.12. Determination of fees to the board members and the auditors.13. Election of board members  chairman of the board and deputy board members  if any.14. Election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or ­registered public accounting firms.15. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors’ remuneration report.16. Resolution in respect of the board of directors’ ­proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/business.17. Resolution in respect of guiding principles for ­remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executives.18. Closing of the meeting.Proposed decisionsThe class A-shareholders of the company  together ­representing more than 60% of the votes in the company  hereby give proposals for decision in accordance with items 2  10  11  12  13 and 14 below. The board of directors  on its part  hereby gives proposals for decision in accordance with items 9  15  16 and 17 below.2 Proposal for election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingIt is proposed that Hans Linnarson shall be chairman at the Annual General Meeting.9 DividendThe board of directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to distribute to the shareholders 0.65 SEK per share for the financial year 2022. Friday 19 May 2023 is proposed as record date for the dividend. If the Annual General Meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that the dividend will be distributed by Euroclear on Wednesday 24 May 2023.10 Proposal for number of board members and deputy board membersIt is proposed that 7 ordinary board members  without deputies  shall be elected.11 Proposal for number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firmsIt is proposed that a registered public accounting firm is appointed.12 Proposal for fees to the board members and the auditorsIt is proposed that fees to the board of directors shall be paid with a total amount of 3 500 000 SEK  of which 1 000 000 SEK to the chairman of the board and 500 000 SEK to each one of the other board members elected by the general meeting  who are not employed in the group.It is proposed that fees to the auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.13 Proposal for election of board members and chairman of the boardIt is proposed that the board members Georg Brunstam  Jenny Larsson  Gerteric Lindquist  Hans Linnarson  Anders Pålsson  Eva Karlsson and Eva Thunholm are re-elected as board members. It is proposed that Hans Linnarson is re-elected as chairman of the board.14 Proposal for election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or registered public accounting firmsFor the period up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024 it is proposed that KPMG AB is elected as registered public accounting firm. KPMG has announced that if the Annual General Meeting is voting in accordance with the proposal  KPMG will appoint authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg as auditor in charge.15 Approval of the remuneration reportThe guidelines regarding remuneration to senior executives and the group management were decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022. The board of directors has prepared a remuneration report for remuneration paid and due that is covered by the company’s remuneration guidelines according to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board’s remuneration rules.The board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report.16 The board of directors’ proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on an issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/businessThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to authorize the board of directors to decide  on one or several occasions during the time up to the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  on issue of new shares of class B in the company. The authorization shall also include right to decide on issue of shares with provision stating payment with non-cash consideration  that shares may be subscribed for with right of set-off or otherwise with conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. Share issue may only be decided if it concerns financing of acquisition of companies  part of a company or businesses. The authorization does not include a right for the board of directors to decide on cash issues with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorization shall be limited to a total issue of shares corresponding to a maximum of 10% of the total number of outstanding shares at the time of the Annual General Meeting.Further  the board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides that the managing director  or anyone authorized by the managing director  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments of the meeting’s decision that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear respectively or due to other formal demands.For a valid decision of the meeting in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal as above it is required that the decision is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.17 The board of directors’ proposal for guiding principles concerning remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executivesThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to adopt the following guiding principles.Subject and field of application of the guidelinesThese guidelines shall apply to the corporate group of NIBE’s senior executives  which consist of the managing director/CEO  financial director/CFO and the three business area managers. These guidelines shall also apply regarding remuneration (for example consultant’s fee)  if any  for work carried out by a board member  in addition to the board assignment  for the corporate group of NIBE or one of its group companies. Unless otherwise stated below  the guidelines do not apply to the board member remuneration  which are determined by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines shall promote the business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability of the companyIn short  NIBE’s business strategy is to provide world-class sustainable energy solutions. For more information regarding the company’s business strategy  visit www.nibe.com. A successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and the procurement of NIBE’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  rely on NIBE’s ability to attract and retain a management that is highly qualified and with the capacity to reach stated goals. Thus  it is a prerequisite that the company can offer remuneration terms that are competitive. These guidelines enable NIBE to offer remuneration to senior executives on market terms and to be competitive in order to attract and retain personnel.Types of remunerationRemuneration may be paid as fixed salary  variable salary  pension and other benefits such as car benefit.Board fees shall not be paid to senior executives  who are employed in the group.All senior executives  who have not reached the age of 65  shall have retirement benefits corresponding to the defined benefit ITP-plan (supplementary pensions for ­salaried employees) (SW: ITP-planen)  section 2  for salary parts up to 30 income base amounts (SW: inkomstbasbelopp). For salary parts exceeding 30 income base amounts  a premium with a fixed percentage of 30% shall be paid  in accordance with the same principles as in the ITP-plan with fixed premium  section 1. The retirement premiums may  in total  amount to a maximum of 35% of the total remuneration. Senior executives  who have reached the age of 65  are not entitled to retirement benefits.Other benefits  i.a. medical insurance  life insurance and car benefit  may  in total  amount to a maximum of 5% of the total remuneration.Criteria for payment of variable remunerationSenior executives shall as incentive be able to obtain a variable salary part  which is paid if the goals that have been set are met. These goals are set by the board of directors and shall be measurable and predetermined  e.g. percentage growth  operating margin and working capital reduction. The goals are set for one financial year at a time. By rewarding clear and measurable performance linked to the company’s financial and operational development  the goals set shall promote to motivate the senior executives to achieve the company’s goals regarding business strategies  long-term interests and sustainability.The variable salary part shall be limited to four monthly salaries. In addition thereto  an extra monthly salary may be paid as remuneration  provided that the senior executive uses this extra remuneration and an additional monthly salary of his/her variable remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares. A condition for the extra remuneration is that the senior executive keeps the annually acquired NIBE-shares for at least three years. If the condition is not met  the company is entitled to recover this part of the remuneration. The purpose of the extra remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares is to increase the senior executives’ longterm interests in the company and hence promote the company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Normally  the senior executives’ acquisition of NIBE-shares will be made once a year in February/March  with regard to applicable market abuse legislation. The managing director shall not be included in any incentive program.Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed for an indefinite or fixed term.Upon termination by the company  the term of notice for the managing director shall be six months. The managing director shall be entitled to severance payment corresponding to twelve monthly salaries.Other senior executives shall receive salary during the term of notice  which varies between 6-12 months.There shall be no special agreement stating that senior executives may terminate their employment before they have reached retirement age and until then receive a certain part of their salary.Consideration of salary and terms of employment when preparing the guidelinesWhen preparing the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines  the average salary and terms of employment of the employees at the Swedish companies within the NIBE group have been taken into account. This has been achieved by obtaining information regarding the employees’ average salary and terms of employment as well as rate of increase of remuneration over time during the employment at NIBE. A very important additional factor has been the group’s growth  with regard to the turnover as well as the result. Moreover  comparison has been made with other Swedish listed companies of the same size. This information has been part of the board of directors’ decisionmaking ­documentation in order to evaluate the reasonableness of the guidelines.Fees for consultancy services performed by board membersThe company’s board members elected by the Annual General Meeting may in special cases be remunerated for consultancy services within their respective fields of competence  which do not constitute the board assignment  for a limited time. For these services  remuneration shall be offered on market terms.How these guidelines have been preparedThese guidelines have been prepared by the board of directors. The managing director and the other senior­executives have not participated in the board of directors’ preparations and decisions regarding these guidelines.The guidelines are subject to annual review through personal contact by the chairman of the board with the major shareholders.Deviation from these guidelinesThe board of directors may deviate from the guidelines as regards pension  bonus and other benefits if there are particular grounds for a deviation in a special case and if it is necessary in order to meet the company’s long-term interests and sustainability or to ensure the company’s financial viability.The presence of significant changesThe proposal for guidelines is in line with the guidelines approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022. The annual review of the guidelines has not resulted in any significant changes.Documents availableThe annual report and the auditor’s report  complete proposals for decision concerning items 16 and 17  the auditor’s statement according to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act and other documents will be kept available for the shareholders at the company’s premises in Markaryd and on the company’s web site  www.nibe.com  at the latest from 25 April 2023 and will be sent to shareholders requesting it and stating their address.Right to informationThe shareholders have the right to request information at the Annual General Meeting concerning conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of the company’s financial situation.Shares and votesAt the time of execution of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 016 066 488  of which 233 130 360 shares of class A and 1 782 936 128 shares of class B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 4 114 239 728.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfMarkaryd in April 2023NIBE Industrier AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information: Gerteric Lindquist  CEO and Hans Backman  CFO; +46 (0) 433-27 30 00This press release contains information that NIBE Industrier AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to Nasdaq Stockholm´s Rule book for Issuers. This information was submitted by the contact persons above for publication on 14 April 2023 at 09.00 CET.NIBE Group – a global group with companies and a presence worldwideNIBE Group is a global organisation that contributes to a lower carbon footprint and better utilisation of energy. In our three business areas – Climate Solutions  Element and Stoves – we develop  manufacture and market a wide range of eco-friendly  energy-efficient solutions for indoor climate comfort in all types of properties  plus components and solutions for intelligent heating and control in industry and infrastructure.Since its beginnings in the town of Markaryd in the province of Småland 70 years ago  NIBE has grown into an international company with an average of 21 300 (20 400) employees and a global presence. From the very start  the company has been driven by a strong culture of entrepreneurship and a passion for corporate responsibility. Its success factors are long-term investments in sustainable product development and strategic acquisitions. Combined  these factors have brought about strong  targeted growth  which generated sales of just over SEK 40 billion (SEK 30 billion) in 2022.NIBE has been listed under the name NIBE Industrier AB on the Nasdaq Nordic Large Cap list since 1997  with a secondary listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2011.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.58,0.4,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition', 'new heat pump factory', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'public accounting firms', 'Skulptörvägen', 'NIBE Industrier AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'group financial statement', 'deputy board members', 'Hannabadsvägen', 'annual report', 'financial year', 'NIBE Stove', 'new shares', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'Monday 8 May', 'Wednesday 10 May', 'Årsstämma', 'longer period', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'guiding principles', 'senior executives', 'other terms', 'Hans Linnarson', 'deputy auditors', 'group auditor', 'telephone number', 'share register', 'following address', 'one year', 'class A-shareholders', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'state name', 'remuneration report', 'NOTICE', 'Verkstadsgatan', 'Markaryd', 'Vetenskapshuset', 'Right', 'printout', 'company', 'intention', 'nominees', 'addition', 'notification', 'advance', 'Swedish', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'advisors', 'written', 'time', 'validity', 'five', 'issue', 'purpose', 'www', 'original', 'Representatives', 'certificate', 'qualification', 'confirmation', 'card', 'recording', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'directors', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'application', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'registered', 'fees', 'proposal', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'business', 'employment', 'Closing', 'decisions', 'votes', 'accordance', 'items', 'part', '9 Dividend', '0.65 SEK', 'Friday', '5.00', '13.00', '16.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22941,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646824/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,NIBE Industrier AB (publ)    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING     The shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual......,English SwedishNIBE Industrier AB (publ)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023  at 5.00 p.m. in NIBE’s new heat pump factory  Verkstadsgatan 3  Markaryd. Between 13.00 and 16.00 p.m. the shareholders are ­welcome to visit NIBE Stove’s product exhibition at Skulptörvägen 10 and NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition as well as Vetenskapshuset at Hannabadsvägen 1 in Markaryd.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting;– shall be recorded in their own name in the printout of the share register made by Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear”) on Monday 8 May 2023 and – shall notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of nominees must – in addition to their notification to attend the meeting – re-register such shares in their own name at Euroclear. Such registration can be temporary and must be effected no later than Wednesday 10 May 2023. Shareholders must inform their nominees and request re-registration of the shares well in advance of the aforementioned date.The Annual General Meeting will be held in Swedish.NotificationNotification of attendance at the Annual General Meeting can be made in writing to the following address: NIBE Industrier AB  Årsstämma  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden by phone +46 433 27 36 00 or by www.nibe.com.When submitting notification of attendance please state name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address and telephone number  number of shares and class of shares as well as number of advisors.Shareholders represented by proxy should send a ­written and dated proxy together with the notification of attendance. The proxy may at the time of the meeting not be older than one year if a longer period of validity is not stated in the proxy  however not longer than five years from the date of issue of the proxy. A proxy form for this purpose is provided by www.nibe.com. The proxy form can also be ordered by phone as described above. If requested  the proxy shall be presented in original. Representatives of a legal entity shall present a certificate of registration or a corresponding document of qualification showing the person(s) ­authorized to sign for the legal entity. As a ­confirmation of the notification of attendance NIBE Industrier AB will send an admission card which shall be brought to the meeting and shown at the recording.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of a voting list.4. Approval of the board of directors’ proposed agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Examination if the meeting has been properly convened.7. The managing director’s statement.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report  the group financial statement and the group auditor’s report as well as the auditor’s statement concerning the application of the guiding principles for remuneration to senior executives decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022.9. Resolution in respect ofa) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet c) discharge from liability of the board members and the managing director.10. Determination of the number of board members and deputy board members to be elected by the meeting.11. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firms.12. Determination of fees to the board members and the auditors.13. Election of board members  chairman of the board and deputy board members  if any.14. Election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or ­registered public accounting firms.15. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors’ remuneration report.16. Resolution in respect of the board of directors’ ­proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/business.17. Resolution in respect of guiding principles for ­remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executives.18. Closing of the meeting.Proposed decisionsThe class A-shareholders of the company  together ­representing more than 60% of the votes in the company  hereby give proposals for decision in accordance with items 2  10  11  12  13 and 14 below. The board of directors  on its part  hereby gives proposals for decision in accordance with items 9  15  16 and 17 below.2 Proposal for election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingIt is proposed that Hans Linnarson shall be chairman at the Annual General Meeting.9 DividendThe board of directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to distribute to the shareholders 0.65 SEK per share for the financial year 2022. Friday 19 May 2023 is proposed as record date for the dividend. If the Annual General Meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that the dividend will be distributed by Euroclear on Wednesday 24 May 2023.10 Proposal for number of board members and deputy board membersIt is proposed that 7 ordinary board members  without deputies  shall be elected.11 Proposal for number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firmsIt is proposed that a registered public accounting firm is appointed.12 Proposal for fees to the board members and the auditorsIt is proposed that fees to the board of directors shall be paid with a total amount of 3 500 000 SEK  of which 1 000 000 SEK to the chairman of the board and 500 000 SEK to each one of the other board members elected by the general meeting  who are not employed in the group.It is proposed that fees to the auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.13 Proposal for election of board members and chairman of the boardIt is proposed that the board members Georg Brunstam  Jenny Larsson  Gerteric Lindquist  Hans Linnarson  Anders Pålsson  Eva Karlsson and Eva Thunholm are re-elected as board members. It is proposed that Hans Linnarson is re-elected as chairman of the board.14 Proposal for election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or registered public accounting firmsFor the period up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024 it is proposed that KPMG AB is elected as registered public accounting firm. KPMG has announced that if the Annual General Meeting is voting in accordance with the proposal  KPMG will appoint authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg as auditor in charge.15 Approval of the remuneration reportThe guidelines regarding remuneration to senior executives and the group management were decided at the Annual General Meeting 2022. The board of directors has prepared a remuneration report for remuneration paid and due that is covered by the company’s remuneration guidelines according to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board’s remuneration rules.The board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report.16 The board of directors’ proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on an issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/businessThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to authorize the board of directors to decide  on one or several occasions during the time up to the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  on issue of new shares of class B in the company. The authorization shall also include right to decide on issue of shares with provision stating payment with non-cash consideration  that shares may be subscribed for with right of set-off or otherwise with conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. Share issue may only be decided if it concerns financing of acquisition of companies  part of a company or businesses. The authorization does not include a right for the board of directors to decide on cash issues with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorization shall be limited to a total issue of shares corresponding to a maximum of 10% of the total number of outstanding shares at the time of the Annual General Meeting.Further  the board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides that the managing director  or anyone authorized by the managing director  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments of the meeting’s decision that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear respectively or due to other formal demands.For a valid decision of the meeting in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal as above it is required that the decision is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.17 The board of directors’ proposal for guiding principles concerning remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executivesThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to adopt the following guiding principles.Subject and field of application of the guidelinesThese guidelines shall apply to the corporate group of NIBE’s senior executives  which consist of the managing director/CEO  financial director/CFO and the three business area managers. These guidelines shall also apply regarding remuneration (for example consultant’s fee)  if any  for work carried out by a board member  in addition to the board assignment  for the corporate group of NIBE or one of its group companies. Unless otherwise stated below  the guidelines do not apply to the board member remuneration  which are determined by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines shall promote the business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability of the companyIn short  NIBE’s business strategy is to provide world-class sustainable energy solutions. For more information regarding the company’s business strategy  visit www.nibe.com. A successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and the procurement of NIBE’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  rely on NIBE’s ability to attract and retain a management that is highly qualified and with the capacity to reach stated goals. Thus  it is a prerequisite that the company can offer remuneration terms that are competitive. These guidelines enable NIBE to offer remuneration to senior executives on market terms and to be competitive in order to attract and retain personnel.Types of remunerationRemuneration may be paid as fixed salary  variable salary  pension and other benefits such as car benefit.Board fees shall not be paid to senior executives  who are employed in the group.All senior executives  who have not reached the age of 65  shall have retirement benefits corresponding to the defined benefit ITP-plan (supplementary pensions for ­salaried employees) (SW: ITP-planen)  section 2  for salary parts up to 30 income base amounts (SW: inkomstbasbelopp). For salary parts exceeding 30 income base amounts  a premium with a fixed percentage of 30% shall be paid  in accordance with the same principles as in the ITP-plan with fixed premium  section 1. The retirement premiums may  in total  amount to a maximum of 35% of the total remuneration. Senior executives  who have reached the age of 65  are not entitled to retirement benefits.Other benefits  i.a. medical insurance  life insurance and car benefit  may  in total  amount to a maximum of 5% of the total remuneration.Criteria for payment of variable remunerationSenior executives shall as incentive be able to obtain a variable salary part  which is paid if the goals that have been set are met. These goals are set by the board of directors and shall be measurable and predetermined  e.g. percentage growth  operating margin and working capital reduction. The goals are set for one financial year at a time. By rewarding clear and measurable performance linked to the company’s financial and operational development  the goals set shall promote to motivate the senior executives to achieve the company’s goals regarding business strategies  long-term interests and sustainability.The variable salary part shall be limited to four monthly salaries. In addition thereto  an extra monthly salary may be paid as remuneration  provided that the senior executive uses this extra remuneration and an additional monthly salary of his/her variable remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares. A condition for the extra remuneration is that the senior executive keeps the annually acquired NIBE-shares for at least three years. If the condition is not met  the company is entitled to recover this part of the remuneration. The purpose of the extra remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares is to increase the senior executives’ longterm interests in the company and hence promote the company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Normally  the senior executives’ acquisition of NIBE-shares will be made once a year in February/March  with regard to applicable market abuse legislation. The managing director shall not be included in any incentive program.Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed for an indefinite or fixed term.Upon termination by the company  the term of notice for the managing director shall be six months. The managing director shall be entitled to severance payment corresponding to twelve monthly salaries.Other senior executives shall receive salary during the term of notice  which varies between 6-12 months.There shall be no special agreement stating that senior executives may terminate their employment before they have reached retirement age and until then receive a certain part of their salary.Consideration of salary and terms of employment when preparing the guidelinesWhen preparing the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines  the average salary and terms of employment of the employees at the Swedish companies within the NIBE group have been taken into account. This has been achieved by obtaining information regarding the employees’ average salary and terms of employment as well as rate of increase of remuneration over time during the employment at NIBE. A very important additional factor has been the group’s growth  with regard to the turnover as well as the result. Moreover  comparison has been made with other Swedish listed companies of the same size. This information has been part of the board of directors’ decisionmaking ­documentation in order to evaluate the reasonableness of the guidelines.Fees for consultancy services performed by board membersThe company’s board members elected by the Annual General Meeting may in special cases be remunerated for consultancy services within their respective fields of competence  which do not constitute the board assignment  for a limited time. For these services  remuneration shall be offered on market terms.How these guidelines have been preparedThese guidelines have been prepared by the board of directors. The managing director and the other senior­executives have not participated in the board of directors’ preparations and decisions regarding these guidelines.The guidelines are subject to annual review through personal contact by the chairman of the board with the major shareholders.Deviation from these guidelinesThe board of directors may deviate from the guidelines as regards pension  bonus and other benefits if there are particular grounds for a deviation in a special case and if it is necessary in order to meet the company’s long-term interests and sustainability or to ensure the company’s financial viability.The presence of significant changesThe proposal for guidelines is in line with the guidelines approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022. The annual review of the guidelines has not resulted in any significant changes.Documents availableThe annual report and the auditor’s report  complete proposals for decision concerning items 16 and 17  the auditor’s statement according to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act and other documents will be kept available for the shareholders at the company’s premises in Markaryd and on the company’s web site  www.nibe.com  at the latest from 25 April 2023 and will be sent to shareholders requesting it and stating their address.Right to informationThe shareholders have the right to request information at the Annual General Meeting concerning conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of the company’s financial situation.Shares and votesAt the time of execution of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 016 066 488  of which 233 130 360 shares of class A and 1 782 936 128 shares of class B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 4 114 239 728.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfMarkaryd in April 2023NIBE Industrier AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information: Gerteric Lindquist  CEO and Hans Backman  CFO; +46 (0) 433-27 30 00This press release contains information that NIBE Industrier AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to Nasdaq Stockholm´s Rule book for Issuers. This information was submitted by the contact persons above for publication on 14 April 2023 at 09.00 CET.NIBE Group – a global group with companies and a presence worldwideNIBE Group is a global organisation that contributes to a lower carbon footprint and better utilisation of energy. In our three business areas – Climate Solutions  Element and Stoves – we develop  manufacture and market a wide range of eco-friendly  energy-efficient solutions for indoor climate comfort in all types of properties  plus components and solutions for intelligent heating and control in industry and infrastructure.Since its beginnings in the town of Markaryd in the province of Småland 70 years ago  NIBE has grown into an international company with an average of 21 300 (20 400) employees and a global presence. From the very start  the company has been driven by a strong culture of entrepreneurship and a passion for corporate responsibility. Its success factors are long-term investments in sustainable product development and strategic acquisitions. Combined  these factors have brought about strong  targeted growth  which generated sales of just over SEK 40 billion (SEK 30 billion) in 2022.NIBE has been listed under the name NIBE Industrier AB on the Nasdaq Nordic Large Cap list since 1997  with a secondary listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2011.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.32,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition', 'new heat pump factory', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'public accounting firms', 'Skulptörvägen', 'NIBE Industrier AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'group financial statement', 'deputy board members', 'Hannabadsvägen', 'annual report', 'NIBE Stove', 'new shares', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'Monday 8 May', 'Wednesday 10 May', 'Årsstämma', 'longer period', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'guiding principles', 'senior executives', 'other terms', 'Hans Linnarson', 'deputy auditors', 'group auditor', 'telephone number', 'English Swedish', 'share register', 'following address', 'one year', 'class A-shareholders', 'dated proxy', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'state name', 'remuneration report', 'NOTICE', 'Verkstadsgatan', 'Markaryd', 'Vetenskapshuset', 'Right', 'printout', 'company', 'intention', 'nominees', 'addition', 'notification', 'advance', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'advisors', 'written', 'time', 'validity', 'five', 'issue', 'purpose', 'original', 'Representatives', 'certificate', 'qualification', 'confirmation', 'card', 'recording', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'directors', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'application', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'registered', 'fees', 'proposal', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'business', 'employment', 'Closing', 'decisions', 'votes', 'accordance', 'items', 'part', '9 Dividend', '0.65 SEK', '5.00', '13.00', '16.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22942,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACROUD-AB-PUBL-44420298/news/Acroud-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Acroud-AB-17-May-2023-43493152/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Acroud : Notice of Annual General Meeting of Acroud AB 17 May 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Unofficial English translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ACROUD AB…,Unofficial English translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ACROUD ABThe shareholders of ACROUD AB  reg. no. 556693-7255  are hereby given notice to the annual general meeting that will be held on Wednesday  May 17  2023 at 14.00 CEST at the premises of Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Nybrogatan 17  114 39 Stockholm  Sweden.Right to attend and notificationShareholders wishing to attend the meeting mustbe entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  May 9  2023  and give written notice to the company of their intention to attend  no later than Thursday  May 11  2023  by post to Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Att. ACROUD Annual General Meeting  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to martin.rosen@lindahl.se.When giving notice  please state your name or company name  personal ID or company registration number  address and daytime telephone number. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors (two maximum). The notification must  if applicable  be accompanied by proxies  registration certificates and other authorisations documents. See below for further information on the processing of personal data.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to attend the meeting  holders of nominee registered shares must instruct the nominee to have the shares registered in the holder's own name  so that the holder is entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date as of Tuesday  May 9  2023. Registration in this way may be temporary (so called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting rights registration that has been requested in such time that the registration has been completed by the relevant nominee no later than Thursday  May 11  2023  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proxy and proxy formAnyone who does not attend the meeting in person may exercise their right at the meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated proxy form. The proxy form is available on the company's website: www.acroud.com and may also be obtained by email info@acroud.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authorisation documents must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the meeting  proxy forms  registration certificates and other authorisation documents must be received by the company well in advance prior to the meeting.Proposed agenda,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Acroud', 'Notice', 'Att. ACROUD Annual General Meeting', 'daytime telephone number', 'other authorisations documents', 'equivalent authorisation documents', 'other authorisation documents', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'Unofficial English translation', 'voting rights registration', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'ACROUD AB', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'share register', 'martin.rosen', 'personal ID', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificates', 'personal data', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'past year', 'longer period', 'five years', 'relevant nominee', 'information purposes', 'proxy forms', 'company name', 'lindahl.', 'differences', 'precedence', 'NOTICE', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Nybrogatan', 'Stockholm', 'notification', 'Tuesday', 'written', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'post', 'Box', 'email', 'address', 'advisors', 'proxies', 'processing', 'way', 'accordance', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'dated', 'website', 'copy', 'validity', 'maximum', 'entry', 'advance', 'agenda', '14.00', '102']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22943,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SINCH-AB-54785943/news/Notice-to-annual-general-meeting-in-Sinch-AB-publ-43492924/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  The shareholders of Sinch AB   556882-8908 are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  S…,Homepage Equities Sweden Nasdaq Stockholm Sinch AB News Summary SINCH SE0016101844 SINCH AB (SINCH) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Stockholm - 11:29:47 2023-04-14 am EDT 26.06 SEK +0.46% 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/12 Sinch announces strategic collaboration with Salesforce through enterprise-grade messaging solution AQ Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) 04/14/2023 | 06:25am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Sinch AB (publ)  556882-8908 (“Sinch” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 (CEST) in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Entry and registration begins at 9:30 (CEST). The board of directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and the Company’s articles of association  decided that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the annual general meeting. Accordingly  shareholders may choose to participate at the annual general meeting in person  by proxy or through postal voting. Right to attend the annual general meeting Shareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must: be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 9 May 2023 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the shares are registered in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes by the nominee not later than Thursday 11 May 2023  and notify their intention to participate according to the instructions under the heading “Attendance in person or by proxy” not later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting by post” below in such manner that Computershare AB has received the postal vote by Thursday 11 May 2023. Shareholders with nominee-registered shares held via a bank or other nominee must request the nominee to register the shares in the shareholder’s own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the annual general meeting. As set out above  the nominee must have performed such registration with Euroclear Sweden AB by Thursday 11 May 2023. Therefore  the shareholder must contact its nominee well in advance of this date and re-register their shares in accordance with the nominee’s instructions. Attendance in person or by proxy Shareholders who wish to participate at the annual general meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company of their intent to participate not later than Thursday 11 May 2023. Notification of attendance can be made: electronically through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) by mail to Computershare AB  ”Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden by telephone +46-771-24 64 00  orby e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. The notification is to include the shareholder’s full name  personal/corporate identification number  address  telephone number  and  if applicable  the number of accompanying advisors (not more than two) who are attending the general meeting. Shareholders who do not wish to participate in person or exercise their voting rights by postal voting may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through a proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must be enclosed. Voting by post Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights through postal voting shall use the postal voting form and follow the Company's instructions that are available on the Company's website (https://investors.sinch.com) and at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden. A completed and signed voting form should be sent by mail to Computershare AB  “Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare AB by Thursday 11 May 2023  at the latest. The completed and signed postal voting form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically with BankID through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder submits a postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. A proxy form is available upon request and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or other authorization document shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Shareholders are not allowed to include special instructions or conditions in the postal voting form. If special instructions or conditions are included in the postal voting form  such postal vote becomes invalid. Further information and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Appointment of chairman of the meeting 3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes 4. Preparation and approval of the voting list 5. Approval of the agenda 6. Determination that the meeting has been duly convened 7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated annual report and the auditors’ group report 8. Resolution on: a) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet; b) appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; and c) discharge from liability towards the Company of the members of the board of directors and the CEO (including the deputy CEO) 9. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors 10. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors 11. Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors 12. Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee 13. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives 14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report 15. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares 16. Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 2023 17. Closing of the meeting Appointment of chairman of the meeting (item 2) The Company’s nomination committee  consisting of Jonas Fredriksson (who represents Neqst D2 AB)  Thomas Wuolikainen (who represents the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Tomas Risbecker (who represents AMF)  Oscar Bergman (who represents Swedbank Robur) and Erik Fröberg (chairman of the board of directors of the Company)  proposes that the chairman of the board Erik Fröberg  or  in his absence  the person designated by the nomination committee  is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes (item 3) The board of directors proposes Jonas Fredriksson  who represents Neqst D2 AB or  in his absence  the person designated by the board of directors  as  in addition to the chairman  person to verify the minutes. Resolution on appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b) The board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2022. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors  remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors and election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors (items 9–11) The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six members  elected by the general meeting  with no deputy members and that the Company  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  shall have a registered accounting company as auditor with no deputy auditors. The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall be paid with SEK 700 000 to each of the members of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company and with SEK 1 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors. The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the audit committee and with SEK 250 000 to the chairman of the audit committee. The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 50 000 to each of the members in the remuneration committee and with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee. The nomination committee proposes re-election of Erik Fröberg  Renée Robinson Strömberg  Johan Stuart  Björn Zethraeus  Bridget Cosgrave and Hudson Smith as members of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Erik Fröberg shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting. A presentation of the proposed board members (including the nomination committee’s evaluation on independence) can be found on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  re-election of the registered accounting company Deloitte AB as the Company’s auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting and that remuneration to the auditor is paid in accordance with approved invoices. Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee (item 12) The nomination committee proposes that the following principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee  which  save for limited wording changes  are the same principles which were adopted at the annual general meeting 2022  shall apply until further notice. The general meeting assigns the chairman of the board of directors to contact the four largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes (including both directly registered shareholders and custodian registered shareholders)  based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s extract of the share register as of 30 September each year  of which each will appoint one representative to  in addition to the chairman of the board of directors  constitute the nomination committee until a new nomination committee is appointed in accordance with these instructions. If any of the four largest shareholders or owner groups decline to exercise the right to appoint a representative  the fifth largest shareholder or owner group shall be given the opportunity to exercise such right  and so on until the nomination committee consists of five members. The majority of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company’s management. At least one of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company’s largest shareholder or group of shareholders  in terms of votes  working together with the administration of the Company. The CEO or any another member of the Company’s management must not be a member of the nomination committee. Members of the board of directors may be appointed to the nomination committee but are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one member of the board of directors is appointed to the nomination committee  no more than one member may be dependent in relation to the Company’s larger shareholders. The nomination committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The chairman of the board of directors or any other member of the board of directors may not be the chairman of the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. If earlier than two months prior to the annual general meeting  one or more of the shareholders having appointed representatives to the nomination committee is/are no longer among the four largest shareholders  representatives appointed by these shareholders shall resign and the shareholders who then are among the four largest shareholders may appoint their representatives. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before its work is completed and the nomination committee considers it necessary to replace him or her  such substitute member is to represent the same shareholder or  if the shareholder is no longer one of the four largest shareholders  the next largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s transcription of the share register as soon as possible after the date the representative left the committee. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee must be announced immediately. Remuneration shall not be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The Company shall  however  pay any necessary expenses that the nomination committee may incur in its work. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the composition of the following nomination committee has been announced. The nomination committee shall fulfil the tasks set out in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and shall present proposals for the following resolutions at the annual general meeting: proposal for chairman of the meeting; proposal for the board of directors; proposal for chairman of the board of directors; proposal for auditors; proposal for remuneration for the board of directors  divided between the chairman and the other members of the board of directors and any remuneration for work in the committees; proposal for remuneration for the Company’s auditors; proposal for principles for appointing a nomination committee for the annual general meeting; and proposal for amendments of the instructions for the nomination committee. The nomination committee has the right  at Sinch's expense  to engage external consultants whom the nomination committee considers necessary to fulfil its task. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives (item 13) The board of directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting and constitute a framework under which remuneration to senior executives may be decided by the board of directors. The previous guidelines were approved by the annual general meeting in 2022. The reasons for the proposed changes are harmonization due to previous acquisitions and market conditions in various geographies in which the Company has significant operations  including the recent recruitment of a new CEO based in the United States. In summary  the proposed changes are: To adjust the short-term variable pay to not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay (30 per cent in 2022).To introduce a special compensation to allow extraordinary incentives when hiring new and retaining existing members of the senior executives’ team (see definition below).To adjust other benefits to not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay (6 per cent in 2022).To adjust notice period and severance pay period for the CEO to not exceed 6 months’ notice and 12 months’ severance. The Company has not received any comments on the guidelines from any shareholders. For the purposes of these guidelines  the members of the senior executives’ team consists of board members of the Company who are employed by group  the CEO  the deputy CEO (if applicable) and other members of the senior executives’ team who report to the CEO. The senior executives’ team currently comprises 12 senior executives  including the CEO. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Compensation to the CEO and other senior executives must therefore reflect Sinch’s need to recruit and motivate qualified employees by means of compensation packages perceived as fair and competitive. The board of directors is empowered to depart from the below guidelines if in a specific case there is a special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. In the preparation of the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines for compensation to the CEO and other senior executives  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the board of directors’ basis for its decision. Compensation consists of the following components: Fixed base payShort- and long-term variable paySpecial compensationPension benefitsOther benefitsPay during period of notice of termination or resignation Market based compensation The Company has acquired high quality benchmark data from third party sources to secure that compensation to the CEO and other senior executives reflects what is offered to executives in comparable positions in other companies. Market rate is also secured through recruitment processes  in the cases where executives are recruited externally. Fixed base pay The fixed base pay must be market based and reflect the employee’s position  qualifications  experience and individual performance. Short-term variable pay Short-term variable pay shall be measured against predefined financial performance targets. Non-financial objectives may also be used to sharpen focus on achieving the Company’s strategic plans. Objectives shall be specific  clear  measurable  subject to deadlines and adopted by the board of directors. They shall further be designed to contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the relevant measurement period has ended. The board of directors has delegated the responsibility for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives to the remuneration committee. Levels and targets for variable pay are suggested annually by the CEO for other senior executives and approved by the board of directors. Levels and targets for the CEO are defined by the board of directors. Short-term variable pay may not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay  as management compensation should be focused on long term incentives. Long-term variable pay Long-term variable pay may encompass share-related incentive programs. These guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to the Company’s share- related incentive programs LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021  LTI 2022 and the proposed LTI 2023. Each year  the board of directors evaluates whether a long-term share-related incentive program should be proposed to the annual general meeting. The purpose of offering a share-related incentive program is to ensure that the interests of senior executives coincide with those of the Company’s shareholders. Individual  long-term ownership among key individuals can be expected to stimulate keener interest in the business and its profitability  increase motivation  and enhance the sense of belonging with the Company and thereby contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Long-term share-related incentives also helps to retain current executives and attract new executives when recruiting. Special compensation Additional variable cash compensation may be offered to key employees who remain employed in connection with acquisitions of new companies  divestments of businesses  other transitional activity or who perform other extraordinary work endeavours. Such special compensation may not exceed 50 per cent of the contracted annual fixed base salary. Special compensation may only be awarded in special cases and shall not be included in any ordinary compensation system. Decisions regarding special compensation shall always be made by the board of directors. Pensions Pension benefits for the CEO and other senior executives must reflect customary market terms  compared with what generally applies to executives in comparable positions in other companies  and should normally be based upon defined contribution pension plans. Retirement occurs at the relevant/applicable retirement age. Pension benefits may not exceed 35 per cent of the fixed base pay unless higher contributions follow from a pension plan pursuant to an applicable collective bargaining agreement. Other benefits Other continuous employee benefits may  among other things  consist of health insurance and fitness/wellness programs. The costs for such benefits may not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay. Notice periods and severance pay As a general rule  employment agreements entered into between the Company and senior executives shall be on an indefinite basis. If the Company terminates the CEO’s employment  the period of notice shall be a maximum of six months. If the CEO resigns  the period of notice shall be six months. A period of notice applies between the Company and other senior executives of up to six months  whether the employee resigns or is terminated. In addition to compensation paid during the applicable period of notice  any severance pay after the applicable notice period shall not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed base pay for 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for other senior executives. What is stated above constitutes a framework under which individual terms are to be resolved on by the board of directors. Compensation to founders of the Company Compensation to founders of the Company is subject to approval by the board of directors. Founders are excluded from the requirement of market-based pay  i.e. their compensation and benefits may be below market  as they are compensated through their ownership in the Company. Compensation to founders of the Company consists of the following components: Fixed base payPension benefitsAdditional vacation entitlementPay during period of notice of termination or resignation If a founder is temporarily covering another management position  the founder will be compensated during this period with a base pay equal to the person in the management team with the lowest salary at the time  excluding other founders. Approval Changes in terms  conditions and compensation to the CEO is subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors. Day to day costs such as travel expenses for the CEO are approved by the CFO  and quarterly summaries are sent to the chairman of the board of directors. New recruitments  salary changes and other significant changes for other senior executives than the CEO are subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors  whereas minor adjustments  and day to day costs are approved by the CEO. Payout of fixed base pay is prepared by local payroll departments and are approved before payout by the local HR representative. Payout of short-term variable pay is subject to approval from the CEO as regards other senior executives and from the chairman of the board of directors as regards the CEO. Eligibility for share-related incentive program must be approved by the board of directors based on the proposal approved at a general meeting. Controls and decision-making process The Company has a remuneration committee which consists of two members of the board of directors. The chairman of the board of directors is also chairman of the remuneration committee. The remuneration committee shall  in relation to the board of directors  have a preparatory function in respect of principles for remuneration  remuneration and other terms of employment regarding the senior executives. Consequently  the remuneration committee shall prepare a proposal in respect of guidelines for compensation to senior executives  which it shall present to the board of directors. The proposal shall then be presented to and resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also evaluate the application of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The board of directors shall at least every fourth year or upon material changes to the guidelines make a proposal on guidelines to be resolved by the annual general meeting. The guidelines shall be applied in relation to every commitment on compensation to senior executives and every change in such commitment  which is resolved after the annual general meeting at which the guidelines were adopted. Thus  the guidelines have no impact on pre-existing contractually binding commitments. Guidelines resolved upon may also be amended by way of a resolution by any other general meeting. Further  the remuneration committee shall  within the scope of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting  prepare proposals regarding remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives. The board of directors shall annually evaluate the CEO’s performance. Further  the remuneration committee shall observe and evaluate programs for variable compensation to the senior executives which are ongoing or finished during the year as well as the Company’s current remuneration structure and remuneration levels. Furthermore  the remuneration committee shall annually prepare a remuneration report regarding the compensation to the senior executives. The remuneration report shall be made available to the shareholders on the Company’s website by the remuneration committee not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. Within the scope and on the basis of the guidelines  the board of directors shall annually decide on the specific revised remuneration terms for each senior executive and make such other decisions on compensation to senior executives that may be required. The CEO or other senior executives shall not participate in the remuneration committee’s and the board of directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Compliance with guidelines is controlled annually through the following activities: Collection of documented annual targets for short-term variable payRandom samples of salary payout approvalsSample reports from payroll systems to identify any out of the ordinary payouts The results of the controls are summarized and reported to the remuneration committee. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report (item 14) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares (item 15) The board of directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions  until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares to be paid in cash  in kind or by way of set-off or otherwise on terms and conditions and that such new issue can be performed with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. The issues are to be performed on market terms  taking into account any discount on market terms. The reason for the authorization and the reason for the possible deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to enable capital raisings for the acquisition of companies  or parts of companies  and for the operations of the Company. The board of directors is entitled to resolve on share issues causing an increase of the Company’s share capital of at most 10 per cent of the Company’s registered share capital at the time the board of directors first utilizes the authorization. Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 2023 (item 16) Background and reasons Since the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding warrants or employee stock options. In addition  the incentive program LTI 2018 will expire by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The board of directors considers it to be in the best interest of Sinch and its shareholders to implement an additional long-term incentive program (“LTI 2023”) for senior executives  key personnel and other employees in the group  in accordance with this proposal. LTI 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 925 current and future senior executives  key personnel and other employees within the Sinch group. The proposal has been based on the assessment of the board of directors that it is important  and in the interest of all shareholders  to create even greater participation in the group’s development for current and future senior executives  key personnel and employees of the group. The board of directors also considers it important to be able to attract talent over time  to encourage continued employment and to maintain a satisfactory employee retention level. In view of the above  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to implement the LTI 2023 in accordance with items (a)–(d) below. The resolutions under items (a)–(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. Item (a) – Proposal on implementation of LTI 2023 LTI 2023 comprises five (5) Series. Series 1–3 consist of warrants (Sw. teckningsoptioner) to be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. The warrants of Series 1 have a term of approximately 3.3 years  the warrants of Series 2 have a term of approximately four (4) years and the warrants of Series 3 have a term of approximately five (5) years. The holders can exercise the warrants to subscribe for shares during a period of three (3) months before the end of the term of each Series of warrants. Series 4 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to employees of the Sinch group outside Sweden. Series 5 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 8 385 000 warrants in total. Pursuant to the resolution in item (b)  not more than 1 400 000 warrants may be issued in Series 1–3 (of which not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants may be issued in Series 3). Further  pursuant to the resolution in items (c) and (d)  not more than 5 985 000 and 1 000 000 warrants may be issued in order to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options to participants in  respectively  LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5. The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series 1–5 shall vest in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sinch Holding AB (the “Subsidiary”)  which shall transfer the warrants of Series 1–3 to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden  and hold warrants of Series 4 and 5 to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants shall be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary. Below is a description of the principal terms and conditions for each of the LTI 2023 Series 1–5. Series 1–3 – Warrants The Subsidiary will transfer the warrants in Series 1–3 to participants at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium). Each warrant of  respectively  Series 1  2 and 3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the exercise period for each respective Series at an exercise price corresponding to  respectively  130 per cent  140 per cent and 150 per cent of the volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 4 May 2023 up to and including 17 May 2023 (rounded to the nearest full SEK 0.1  where SEK 0.05 shall be rounded up). However  the exercise price may not be less than the share’s quota value (currently SEK 0.01). Days without price quotation shall not be included in the calculation. The exercise periods for exercising the warrants for subscription of shares under each Series are as follows: Series 1: from and including 30 June 2026 up to and including 30 September 2026;Series 2: from and including 30 March 2027 up to and including 30 June 2027; andSeries 3: from and including 30 March 2028 up to and including 30 June 2028. The issued warrants of Series 1–3 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be subscribed for by the Subsidiary  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  whereafter the Subsidiary shall offer warrants to participants. The notification period  during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants  shall indicatively start on or around 22 May 2023. Transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium) calculated according to an established valuation model (the Black & Scholes model) and determined in connection with the first day of the notification period. The board of directors of the Company shall be authorized to postpone the notification period during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants. Warrants shall also be available to future new employees. For acquisitions made by future new employees  the terms shall be the same or equal to the terms that are set out in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that such acquisitions shall take place based on the market value of the warrants at such point in time  and that the board of directors shall set forth an equivalent notification period for new employees whose acquisitions take place after the initial notification period. The valuation of the warrants shall be made by an independent appraiser or audit firm. Since the warrants are acquired by the participants at market value  there are no performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be offered to acquire warrants or in order to exercise warrants for subscription of shares. However  the Company will  in connection with the transfer of the warrants to the participants  reserve a pre-emption right regarding the warrants if the participant’s employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer its warrants. Series 4 – Employee stock options to participants outside Sweden Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions: The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of between four (4) and twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months. Series 5 – Employee stock options to participants in Sweden Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions: The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work in Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the third anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months. Preparation and administration The board of directors shall be responsible for the design  interpretation and management of stock options granted under LTI 2023 within the framework of the above-mentioned principal terms and conditions. The board of directors has the right to make reasonable changes and adjustments in detailed terms and conditions of the framework for stock options under LTI 2023 as deemed necessary or appropriate due to differences in local legislation or practices or for administrative purposes. For holders of stock options who are members of the group management  the board of directors is entitled to (i) accelerate vesting of stock options in the event of a change of control situation where the holder is dismissed from his or her employment in connection therewith and (ii) permit extended vesting and exercisability during the severance period  e.g. in good leaver situations. The board of directors also has the right to adjust detailed terms and conditions of stock options in the event of significant changes within the group or its operational environment that entail that the framework established for stock options under LTI 2023 is no longer reasonable or appropriate  provided that such changes are not more favorable to the participant than the terms and conditions set forth in this resolution proposal. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price and the number of shares that each warrant or stock option entitles to subscription of shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue etc. in accordance with customary re-calculation terms or as set out in the detailed terms and conditions of warrants. Allocation principles  etc. The participants’ right to acquire warrants or to be granted employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to inter alia position  responsibility and working performance in the group. The participants have for this reason been divided into three (3) different categories: Category A (not more than 25 persons): Members of the group management and selected key personnel Category B (not more than 50 persons): Business unit management and key personnel Category C (not more than 850 persons): Other personnel Warrants may be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. A precondition for being entitled to acquire warrants is that the participant enters into a pre-emption agreement with the Company and that the participant acquires an equal number of warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  respectively. Pre-emption shall be made at market value. The warrants are otherwise freely transferable. The right to receive employee stock options of Series 4 shall be reserved for current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden  and employee stock options of Series 5 shall be reserved for current and future employees who work in Sweden. The below allocation principles apply to the grant of warrants/stock options within each of the categories set out above. Category Maximum number of warrants/stock options for each participant Maximum number of warrants/stock options within the category Category A (maximum 25 persons) 800 000 2 800 000 Category B (maximum 50 persons) 300 000 2 000 000 Category C (maximum 850 persons) 150 000 3 585 000 Total maximum Category A  B and C N/A 8 385 000 In the event that all warrants and/or stock options within one or more categories are not transferred  such non-transferred warrants/stock options may be offered to employees in other categories. The maximum number of warrants and/or stock options per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Warrants may be transferred and stock options may be granted on one or more occasion. Neither the Company’s board members  nor the founders  shall be eligible to participate in LTI 2023. Item (b) – Proposal regarding issue and transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants in LTI 2023 in Sweden The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 400 000 warrants for subscription of shares  whereof not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants in Series 3  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 14 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.17 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as set out in item (a) above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants will be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to participants  assign warrants to a third party  or in another way dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). Detailed resolution proposals for each of the respective issues of warrants Series 1  2 and 3  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  are set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Item (c) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 4 The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 5 985 000 warrants in Series 4  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 59 850 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.71 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 4  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Item (d) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 5 The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 000 000 warrants in Series 5  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 10 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.12 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 5  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Additional information regarding LTI 2023 Market value of warrants of Series 1–3 Based on a market value of the underlying share of SEK 28.0  the market value of the warrants of Series 1–3 is  in accordance with a preliminary valuation made by PwC  respectively  SEK 6.19  SEK 6.54 and SEK 7.15 per warrant of Series 1  2 and 3  assuming an exercise price of  respectively  SEK 36.40  SEK 39.20 and SEK 42.0 per share. The Black & Scholes valuation model has been used for the preliminary valuation of the warrants  assuming a risk-free interest of  respectively  2.68  2.56 and 2.40 per cent for warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  and an estimated volatility during the term of the warrants of approximately 40.0 per cent. Costs Given that the warrants of Series 1–3 shall be transferred at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants  the Company estimates that no social security costs will arise for the Company in connection with the transfer of warrants to the participants. Neither should any social security costs arise in connection to the exercise of the warrants. The employee stock options Series 4 and 5 are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the employee stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for employee stock options Series 4 and 5  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 53.0 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share of SEK 28.0 at the time of grant  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share during the term of the stock options of 40.0 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iv) expected time to exercise in accordance with IFRS 2  (v) an annual turnover of personnel of approximately 9.0 per cent based on historical data  and (vi) that all vested stock options are exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection to the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.4 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(vi) above as well as an average social security rate of 7.1 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share of 15 per cent during the vesting period. Other costs related to the LTI 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 63.4 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the tot­al employee benefits expenses of the Sinch group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 4 203 million. Dilution If all warrants/stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 are transferred or granted to participants and if all warrants/stock options are exercised  up to 8 385 000 shares may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.99 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of the warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 83 850. Together with warrants and stock options which have been transferred or granted to participants in LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021 and LTI 2022 and which are outstanding as of the date of this resolution proposal  including warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  the maximum dilution will amount to approximately 4.76 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of warrants and stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares). Motivation in respect of Series 4 stock option vesting and exercise conditions According to the Rules on Remuneration laid down by the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee (Sw. Aktiemarknadens Självregleringskommitté)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised shall  as a general rule  not be shorter than three (3) years and any deviations from this general rule shall be justified. As set out further above  vesting of Series 4 employee stock options will start on the first anniversary of the date of grant of the stock options to participants  and on the third anniversary of the date of grant  up to 75 per cent of the employee stock options granted to a participant may have vested (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). Further  the vested stock options become exercisable soon after they have vested. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee as set out above  is that the board of directors of the Company consider such terms to be in line with market practice for employee stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in Series 4 of LTI 2023 operate. It is therefore  in the opinion of the board of directors  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of LTI 2023. Preparation of the proposal This proposal in respect of LTI 2023 has been prepared by the Company’s remuneration committee and board of directors in consultation with external advisers. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement LTI 2023. Majority requirements Since the resolutions under items (a)–(d) are conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution  a resolution to approve the proposal is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting (as the transfer of warrants to participants under items (b)–(d) require such majority). Authorization It is proposed that the board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB  and that the board of directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the incentive program due to applicable foreign rules and laws  applicable laws  regulations or market practice. Overview of outstanding incentive programs Since the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding stock options or warrants. An overview of all outstanding incentive programs is included in the table below. Program Total # of shares at AGM/EGM Size of program Potential max dilution (%) Invested and subscribed Invested and subscribed / Size of program Exercised (to date) Exercised / Size of program Outstanding Outstanding / Size of program Exercised + Outstanding Exercised and outstan. / Size of program 2016 486 486 450 15 000 000 2.99% 12 157 000 81% 9 612 360 64% - 0% 9 612 360 64% 2018 536 020 890 15 000 000 2.72% 13 809 200 92% 9 652 080 64% 2 819 940 19% 12 472 020 83% 2019 536 020 890 5 100 000 0.94% 3 260 000 64% 791 630 16% 1 188 390 23% 1 980 020 39% 2020 I 588 747 510 5 800 000 0.98% 3 281 000 57% 179 400 3% 1 999 250 34% 2 178 650 38% 2020 II 599 859 340 4 702 600 0.78% 4 228 890 90% - 0% 3 763 180 80% 3 763 180 80% 2021 I 650 235 020 3 230 000 0.49% 3 118 550 97% - 0% 2 467 040 76% 2 467 040 76% 2021 II 727 163 370 3 210 000 0.44% 3 049 919 95% - 0% 2 324 299 72% 2 324 299 72% 2022 833 196 688 25 000 000 2.91% 19 355 610 77% - 0% 17 956 590 72% 17 956 590 72% Total 77 042 600 20 235 470 26% 32 518 689 42% 52 754 159 68% LTI 2023 839 million* 8 385 000 0.99% Note: The total number of shares at AGM/EGM  size of program  and estimated dilution has been recalculated due to the 2021 share split.* Based on 838 602 248 shares outstanding. LTI 2018. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2018 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue of not more than 1 500 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 500 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 1 380 920 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2018. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 9.13 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 742 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company may be issued  including 922 240 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.44 per cent. LTI 2019. An annual general meeting held on 17 May 2019 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue not more than 510 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  510 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 326 000 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2019. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 17.41 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 286 730 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  including 98 340 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.15 per cent. LTI 2020. An annual general meeting held on 15 May 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 580 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  580 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 328 100 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants and stock options Series 1–6 is SEK 60.20 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). As regards Series 7  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2020  November 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for stock options Series 7 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 62.40 per share  SEK 104 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon full exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 999 250 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) will be issued in the Company  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.24 per cent. LTI II 2020. An extraordinary general meeting held on 27 November 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 470 260 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  470 260 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 422 889 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under the LTI II 2020 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2020. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 136.10 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) subscribed by exercise of warrants of Series 1–3. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in November 2020  December 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 104 per share  SEK 120.60 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 763 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.45 per cent. LTI 2021. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees and resolution to issue not more than 323 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  323 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 311 855 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI 2021. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants in Series 1-3 is  respectively  SEK 140.07 per share  SEK 152.80 per share and SEK 165.53 per share. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in December 2021  January 2022 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 153 85 per share  SEK 158.65 per share and SEK 102.15 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 2 467 040 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.29 per cent. LTI II 2021. An extraordinary general meeting held on 26 October 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees outside of Sweden  and resolution to issue not more than 3 210 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  3 049 919 employee stock options have been granted to participants. Each employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI II 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2021. Stock options have been granted on two different occasions: in December 2021 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 102.15 per share and SEK 94.10 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding employee stock options that have been granted to participants in LTI II 2021  a maximum of 2 324 299 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.28 per cent. LTI 2022. An annual general meeting held on 9 June 2022 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees  and resolution to issue not more than 25 000 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  25 000 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 19 355 610 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2022 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal. The exercise price of warrants in Series 1–3 is  respectively  SEK 58.3 per share  SEK 62.8 per share and SEK 67.3 per share. As regards Series 4–5  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2022  September 2022 and December 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 37.525 per share  SEK 14.654 per share and SEK 39.15 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 17 956 590 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 2.10 per cent. The dilution calculations above have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants and employee stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares). Majority requirements The resolution under item 15 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. The resolution under item 16 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting due to  as is stated above  the resolutions under item 16 being conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution and the fact that some of these resolutions require such majority. Available documents The complete proposals  together with ancillary documentation  will be made available at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Companies Act. The documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address. Shareholders’ right to request information If a shareholder at the annual general meeting so requests and  according to the board of directors  it will not result in material damage to the Company or significant inconvenience to any individual  the board of directors and the CEO are obliged to provide information concerning conditions that could influence the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that could influence assessments of the financial position of the Company. This disclosure obligation applies equally to the Company’s relationship with other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances pertaining to subsidiaries as those referred to in the preceding sentence. Processing of personal data For information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  please refer to the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB which are available on their respective websites (www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English). Other information The Company has  as of the date of this notice  838 602 248 outstanding shares and votes. The Company holds no treasury shares as of the date of this notice. *** Stockholm in April 2023Sinch AB (publ)The board of directors____ This English version is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original. In case of any discrepancies  the Swedish original shall prevail. Attachment Sinch_AGM_2023_Notice_to_Annual_General_Meeting_ENG© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about SINCH AB 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/12 Sinch announces strategic collaboration with Salesforce through enterprise-grade messag.. AQ 04/03 On the 50th Anniversary of the First Mobile Phone Call  New Study Finds People Would R.. GL 04/03 On the 50th Anniversary of the First Mobile Phone Call  New Study Finds People Would R.. GL 03/29 Sinch appoints Laurinda Pang as CEO GL 03/29 Sinch appoints Laurinda Pang as CEO AQ 03/29 Sinch AB Announces Chief Executive Officer Changes  Effective from April 17  2023 CI 03/24 Sinch announces Operator Connect for Partners GL 03/24 Sinch announces Operator Connect for Partners GL Financials SEK USD Sales 2022 28 422 M 2 752 M 2 752 M Net income 2022 -4 658 M -451 M -451 M Net Debt 2022 9 667 M 936 M 936 M P/E ratio 2022 -4 61x Yield 2022 - Capitalization 21 854 M 2 116 M 2 116 M EV / Sales 2022 1 11x EV / Sales 2023 0 97x Nbr of Employees 3 565 Free-Float 66 8% Chart SINCH AB Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends SINCH AB Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bearish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 8 Last Close Price 26 06 SEK Average target price 54 71 SEK Spread / Average Target 110% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Johan Christer Hedberg President & Chief Executive Officer Roshan Saldanha Chief Financial Officer Erik Olof Fröberg Director Jonas Lindeborg Chief Technology Officer Cristina David Chief Information Officer Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) SINCH AB -31.83% 2 116 SALESFORCE.COM  INC. 46.81% 194 650 CLOUDFLARE  INC. 43.07% 21 365 DYNATRACE  INC. 10.39% 12 221 KINGDEE INTERNATIONAL SOFTWARE GROUP COMPANY LIMITED -19.83% 5 939 NUTANIX  INC. -1.80% 5 868,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sinch AB', 'Notice', 'AQ Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Homepage Equities Sweden Nasdaq Stockholm Sinch AB News Summary', 'Official Publications Sector news Notice', 'Other languages Press Releases', 'list Report Report', 'enterprise-grade messaging solution', 'multiple email addresses', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identification number', 'postal voting form', 'meeting venue', 'Computershare AB', 'postal vote', 'Sinch AGM', 'other nominee', 'voting rights', 'voting purposes', 'strategic collaboration', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'share register', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'accompanying advisors', 'legal entity', 'Completed forms', 'proxy form', 'dated power', 'telephone number', 'First name', 'full name', 'nominee-registered shares', 'post Shareholders', 'proxy Shareholders', 'EDT', '06 SEK', 'GL', 'Salesforce', 'relevant', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Kungsholmen', 'Hotell', 'Courtyard', 'Marriott', 'registration', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'intention', 'instructions', 'heading', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'manner', 'bank', 'order', 'advance', 'Notification', 'website', 'investors', 'Box', 'written', 'signed', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'offices', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'request', '10:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22944,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646901/0/en/Notice-to-annual-general-meeting-in-Sinch-AB-publ.html,Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ),The shareholders of Sinch AB (publ)  556882-8908 (“Sinch” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 (CEST) in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden…,English SwedishThe shareholders of Sinch AB (publ)  556882-8908 (“Sinch” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 (CEST) in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Entry and registration begins at 9:30 (CEST).The board of directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and the Company’s articles of association  decided that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the annual general meeting. Accordingly  shareholders may choose to participate at the annual general meeting in person  by proxy or through postal voting.Right to attend the annual general meetingShareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must:be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 9 May 2023 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the shares are registered in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes by the nominee not later than Thursday 11 May 2023  andnotify their intention to participate according to the instructions under the heading “Attendance in person or by proxy” not later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting by post” below in such manner that Computershare AB has received the postal vote by Thursday 11 May 2023.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares held via a bank or other nominee must request the nominee to register the shares in the shareholder’s own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the annual general meeting. As set out above  the nominee must have performed such registration with Euroclear Sweden AB by Thursday 11 May 2023. Therefore  the shareholder must contact its nominee well in advance of this date and re-register their shares in accordance with the nominee’s instructions.Attendance in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to participate at the annual general meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company of their intent to participate not later than Thursday 11 May 2023. Notification of attendance can be made:electronically through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) by mail to Computershare AB  ”Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden by telephone +46-771-24 64 00  orby e-mail to proxy@computershare.se.The notification is to include the shareholder’s full name  personal/corporate identification number  address  telephone number  and  if applicable  the number of accompanying advisors (not more than two) who are attending the general meeting.Shareholders who do not wish to participate in person or exercise their voting rights by postal voting may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through a proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must be enclosed.Voting by postShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights through postal voting shall use the postal voting form and follow the Company's instructions that are available on the Company's website (https://investors.sinch.com) and at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden. A completed and signed voting form should be sent by mail to Computershare AB  “Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare AB by Thursday 11 May 2023  at the latest. The completed and signed postal voting form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically with BankID through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder submits a postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. A proxy form is available upon request and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or other authorization document shall be enclosed with the postal voting form.Shareholders are not allowed to include special instructions or conditions in the postal voting form. If special instructions or conditions are included in the postal voting form  such postal vote becomes invalid. Further information and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Appointment of chairman of the meeting3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination that the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated annual report and the auditors’ group report8. Resolution on:a) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet;b) appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; andc) discharge from liability towards the Company of the members of the board of directors and the CEO (including the deputy CEO)9. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors10. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors11. Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors12. Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee13. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report15. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares16. Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 202317. Closing of the meetingAppointment of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Company’s nomination committee  consisting of Jonas Fredriksson (who represents Neqst D2 AB)  Thomas Wuolikainen (who represents the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Tomas Risbecker (who represents AMF)  Oscar Bergman (who represents Swedbank Robur) and Erik Fröberg (chairman of the board of directors of the Company)  proposes that the chairman of the board Erik Fröberg  or  in his absence  the person designated by the nomination committee  is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting.Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes (item 3)The board of directors proposes Jonas Fredriksson  who represents Neqst D2 AB or  in his absence  the person designated by the board of directors  as  in addition to the chairman  person to verify the minutes.Resolution on appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b)The board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2022.Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors  remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors and election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors (items 9–11)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six members  elected by the general meeting  with no deputy members and that the Company  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  shall have a registered accounting company as auditor with no deputy auditors.The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall be paid with SEK 700 000 to each of the members of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company and with SEK 1 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the audit committee and with SEK 250 000 to the chairman of the audit committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 50 000 to each of the members in the remuneration committee and with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Erik Fröberg  Renée Robinson Strömberg  Johan Stuart  Björn Zethraeus  Bridget Cosgrave and Hudson Smith as members of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Erik Fröberg shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting.A presentation of the proposed board members (including the nomination committee’s evaluation on independence) can be found on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com).The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  re-election of the registered accounting company Deloitte AB as the Company’s auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting and that remuneration to the auditor is paid in accordance with approved invoices.Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the following principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee  which  save for limited wording changes  are the same principles which were adopted at the annual general meeting 2022  shall apply until further notice.The general meeting assigns the chairman of the board of directors to contact the four largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes (including both directly registered shareholders and custodian registered shareholders)  based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s extract of the share register as of 30 September each year  of which each will appoint one representative to  in addition to the chairman of the board of directors  constitute the nomination committee until a new nomination committee is appointed in accordance with these instructions. If any of the four largest shareholders or owner groups decline to exercise the right to appoint a representative  the fifth largest shareholder or owner group shall be given the opportunity to exercise such right  and so on until the nomination committee consists of five members.The majority of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company’s management. At least one of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company’s largest shareholder or group of shareholders  in terms of votes  working together with the administration of the Company. The CEO or any another member of the Company’s management must not be a member of the nomination committee. Members of the board of directors may be appointed to the nomination committee but are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one member of the board of directors is appointed to the nomination committee  no more than one member may be dependent in relation to the Company’s larger shareholders.The nomination committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The chairman of the board of directors or any other member of the board of directors may not be the chairman of the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting.If earlier than two months prior to the annual general meeting  one or more of the shareholders having appointed representatives to the nomination committee is/are no longer among the four largest shareholders  representatives appointed by these shareholders shall resign and the shareholders who then are among the four largest shareholders may appoint their representatives. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before its work is completed and the nomination committee considers it necessary to replace him or her  such substitute member is to represent the same shareholder or  if the shareholder is no longer one of the four largest shareholders  the next largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s transcription of the share register as soon as possible after the date the representative left the committee. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee must be announced immediately.Remuneration shall not be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The Company shall  however  pay any necessary expenses that the nomination committee may incur in its work. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the composition of the following nomination committee has been announced.The nomination committee shall fulfil the tasks set out in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and shall present proposals for the following resolutions at the annual general meeting:proposal for chairman of the meeting; proposal for the board of directors; proposal for chairman of the board of directors; proposal for auditors; proposal for remuneration for the board of directors  divided between the chairman and the other members of the board of directors and any remuneration for work in the committees; proposal for remuneration for the Company’s auditors; proposal for principles for appointing a nomination committee for the annual general meeting; and proposal for amendments of the instructions for the nomination committee.The nomination committee has the right  at Sinch's expense  to engage external consultants whom the nomination committee considers necessary to fulfil its task.Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives (item 13)The board of directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting and constitute a framework under which remuneration to senior executives may be decided by the board of directors. The previous guidelines were approved by the annual general meeting in 2022.The reasons for the proposed changes are harmonization due to previous acquisitions and market conditions in various geographies in which the Company has significant operations  including the recent recruitment of a new CEO based in the United States. In summary  the proposed changes are:To adjust the short-term variable pay to not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay (30 per cent in 2022).To introduce a special compensation to allow extraordinary incentives when hiring new and retaining existing members of the senior executives’ team (see definition below).To adjust other benefits to not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay (6 per cent in 2022).To adjust notice period and severance pay period for the CEO to not exceed 6 months’ notice and 12 months’ severance.The Company has not received any comments on the guidelines from any shareholders.For the purposes of these guidelines  the members of the senior executives’ team consists of board members of the Company who are employed by group  the CEO  the deputy CEO (if applicable) and other members of the senior executives’ team who report to the CEO. The senior executives’ team currently comprises 12 senior executives  including the CEO.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Compensation to the CEO and other senior executives must therefore reflect Sinch’s need to recruit and motivate qualified employees by means of compensation packages perceived as fair and competitive. The board of directors is empowered to depart from the below guidelines if in a specific case there is a special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability.In the preparation of the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines for compensation to the CEO and other senior executives  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the board of directors’ basis for its decision.Compensation consists of the following components:Fixed base payShort- and long-term variable paySpecial compensationPension benefitsOther benefitsPay during period of notice of termination or resignationMarket based compensationThe Company has acquired high quality benchmark data from third party sources to secure that compensation to the CEO and other senior executives reflects what is offered to executives in comparable positions in other companies. Market rate is also secured through recruitment processes  in the cases where executives are recruited externally.Fixed base payThe fixed base pay must be market based and reflect the employee’s position  qualifications  experience and individual performance.Short-term variable payShort-term variable pay shall be measured against predefined financial performance targets. Non-financial objectives may also be used to sharpen focus on achieving the Company’s strategic plans. Objectives shall be specific  clear  measurable  subject to deadlines and adopted by the board of directors. They shall further be designed to contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the relevant measurement period has ended.The board of directors has delegated the responsibility for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives to the remuneration committee.Levels and targets for variable pay are suggested annually by the CEO for other senior executives and approved by the board of directors. Levels and targets for the CEO are defined by the board of directors. Short-term variable pay may not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay  as management compensation should be focused on long term incentives.Long-term variable payLong-term variable pay may encompass share-related incentive programs. These guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to the Company’s share- related incentive programs LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021  LTI 2022 and the proposed LTI 2023. Each year  the board of directors evaluates whether a long-term share-related incentive program should be proposed to the annual general meeting. The purpose of offering a share-related incentive program is to ensure that the interests of senior executives coincide with those of the Company’s shareholders. Individual  long-term ownership among key individuals can be expected to stimulate keener interest in the business and its profitability  increase motivation  and enhance the sense of belonging with the Company and thereby contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Long-term share-related incentives also helps to retain current executives and attract new executives when recruiting.Special compensationAdditional variable cash compensation may be offered to key employees who remain employed in connection with acquisitions of new companies  divestments of businesses  other transitional activity or who perform other extraordinary work endeavours. Such special compensation may not exceed 50 per cent of the contracted annual fixed base salary. Special compensation may only be awarded in special cases and shall not be included in any ordinary compensation system. Decisions regarding special compensation shall always be made by the board of directors.PensionsPension benefits for the CEO and other senior executives must reflect customary market terms  compared with what generally applies to executives in comparable positions in other companies  and should normally be based upon defined contribution pension plans. Retirement occurs at the relevant/applicable retirement age. Pension benefits may not exceed 35 per cent of the fixed base pay unless higher contributions follow from a pension plan pursuant to an applicable collective bargaining agreement.Other benefitsOther continuous employee benefits may  among other things  consist of health insurance and fitness/wellness programs. The costs for such benefits may not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay.Notice periods and severance payAs a general rule  employment agreements entered into between the Company and senior executives shall be on an indefinite basis. If the Company terminates the CEO’s employment  the period of notice shall be a maximum of six months. If the CEO resigns  the period of notice shall be six months. A period of notice applies between the Company and other senior executives of up to six months  whether the employee resigns or is terminated. In addition to compensation paid during the applicable period of notice  any severance pay after the applicable notice period shall not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed base pay for 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for other senior executives. What is stated above constitutes a framework under which individual terms are to be resolved on by the board of directors.Compensation to founders of the CompanyCompensation to founders of the Company is subject to approval by the board of directors. Founders are excluded from the requirement of market-based pay  i.e. their compensation and benefits may be below market  as they are compensated through their ownership in the Company.Compensation to founders of the Company consists of the following components:Fixed base payPension benefitsAdditional vacation entitlementPay during period of notice of termination or resignationIf a founder is temporarily covering another management position  the founder will be compensated during this period with a base pay equal to the person in the management team with the lowest salary at the time  excluding other founders.ApprovalChanges in terms  conditions and compensation to the CEO is subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors. Day to day costs such as travel expenses for the CEO are approved by the CFO  and quarterly summaries are sent to the chairman of the board of directors. New recruitments  salary changes and other significant changes for other senior executives than the CEO are subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors  whereas minor adjustments  and day to day costs are approved by the CEO. Payout of fixed base pay is prepared by local payroll departments and are approved before payout by the local HR representative. Payout of short-term variable pay is subject to approval from the CEO as regards other senior executives and from the chairman of the board of directors as regards the CEO. Eligibility for share-related incentive program must be approved by the board of directors based on the proposal approved at a general meeting.Controls and decision-making processThe Company has a remuneration committee which consists of two members of the board of directors. The chairman of the board of directors is also chairman of the remuneration committee.The remuneration committee shall  in relation to the board of directors  have a preparatory function in respect of principles for remuneration  remuneration and other terms of employment regarding the senior executives.Consequently  the remuneration committee shall prepare a proposal in respect of guidelines for compensation to senior executives  which it shall present to the board of directors. The proposal shall then be presented to and resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also evaluate the application of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting.The board of directors shall at least every fourth year or upon material changes to the guidelines make a proposal on guidelines to be resolved by the annual general meeting.The guidelines shall be applied in relation to every commitment on compensation to senior executives and every change in such commitment  which is resolved after the annual general meeting at which the guidelines were adopted. Thus  the guidelines have no impact on pre-existing contractually binding commitments. Guidelines resolved upon may also be amended by way of a resolution by any other general meeting.Further  the remuneration committee shall  within the scope of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting  prepare proposals regarding remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives. The board of directors shall annually evaluate the CEO’s performance.Further  the remuneration committee shall observe and evaluate programs for variable compensation to the senior executives which are ongoing or finished during the year as well as the Company’s current remuneration structure and remuneration levels.Furthermore  the remuneration committee shall annually prepare a remuneration report regarding the compensation to the senior executives. The remuneration report shall be made available to the shareholders on the Company’s website by the remuneration committee not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. Within the scope and on the basis of the guidelines  the board of directors shall annually decide on the specific revised remuneration terms for each senior executive and make such other decisions on compensation to senior executives that may be required. The CEO or other senior executives shall not participate in the remuneration committee’s and the board of directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Compliance with guidelines is controlled annually through the following activities:Collection of documented annual targets for short-term variable payRandom samples of salary payout approvalsSample reports from payroll systems to identify any out of the ordinary payoutsThe results of the controls are summarized and reported to the remuneration committee.Resolution on approval of the remuneration report (item 14)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares (item 15)The board of directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions  until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares to be paid in cash  in kind or by way of set-off or otherwise on terms and conditions and that such new issue can be performed with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. The issues are to be performed on market terms  taking into account any discount on market terms. The reason for the authorization and the reason for the possible deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to enable capital raisings for the acquisition of companies  or parts of companies  and for the operations of the Company. The board of directors is entitled to resolve on share issues causing an increase of the Company’s share capital of at most 10 per cent of the Company’s registered share capital at the time the board of directors first utilizes the authorization.Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 2023 (item 16)Background and reasonsSince the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding warrants or employee stock options. In addition  the incentive program LTI 2018 will expire by the end of the second quarter of 2023.The board of directors considers it to be in the best interest of Sinch and its shareholders to implement an additional long-term incentive program (“LTI 2023”) for senior executives  key personnel and other employees in the group  in accordance with this proposal. LTI 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 925 current and future senior executives  key personnel and other employees within the Sinch group.The proposal has been based on the assessment of the board of directors that it is important  and in the interest of all shareholders  to create even greater participation in the group’s development for current and future senior executives  key personnel and employees of the group. The board of directors also considers it important to be able to attract talent over time  to encourage continued employment and to maintain a satisfactory employee retention level.In view of the above  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to implement the LTI 2023 in accordance with items (a)–(d) below. The resolutions under items (a)–(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution.Item (a) – Proposal on implementation of LTI 2023LTI 2023 comprises five (5) Series. Series 1–3 consist of warrants (Sw. teckningsoptioner) to be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. The warrants of Series 1 have a term of approximately 3.3 years  the warrants of Series 2 have a term of approximately four (4) years and the warrants of Series 3 have a term of approximately five (5) years. The holders can exercise the warrants to subscribe for shares during a period of three (3) months before the end of the term of each Series of warrants.Series 4 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to employees of the Sinch group outside Sweden.Series 5 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden.The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 8 385 000 warrants in total. Pursuant to the resolution in item (b)  not more than 1 400 000 warrants may be issued in Series 1–3 (of which not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants may be issued in Series 3). Further  pursuant to the resolution in items (c) and (d)  not more than 5 985 000 and 1 000 000 warrants may be issued in order to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options to participants in  respectively  LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5.The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series 1–5 shall vest in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sinch Holding AB (the “Subsidiary”)  which shall transfer the warrants of Series 1–3 to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden  and hold warrants of Series 4 and 5 to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants shall be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary.Below is a description of the principal terms and conditions for each of the LTI 2023 Series 1–5.Series 1–3 – WarrantsThe Subsidiary will transfer the warrants in Series 1–3 to participants at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium).Each warrant of  respectively  Series 1  2 and 3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the exercise period for each respective Series at an exercise price corresponding to  respectively  130 per cent  140 per cent and 150 per cent of the volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 4 May 2023 up to and including 17 May 2023 (rounded to the nearest full SEK 0.1  where SEK 0.05 shall be rounded up). However  the exercise price may not be less than the share’s quota value (currently SEK 0.01). Days without price quotation shall not be included in the calculation.The exercise periods for exercising the warrants for subscription of shares under each Series are as follows:Series 1: from and including 30 June 2026 up to and including 30 September 2026;Series 2: from and including 30 March 2027 up to and including 30 June 2027; andSeries 3: from and including 30 March 2028 up to and including 30 June 2028.The issued warrants of Series 1–3 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be subscribed for by the Subsidiary  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  whereafter the Subsidiary shall offer warrants to participants. The notification period  during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants  shall indicatively start on or around 22 May 2023. Transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium) calculated according to an established valuation model (the Black & Scholes model) and determined in connection with the first day of the notification period. The board of directors of the Company shall be authorized to postpone the notification period during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants. Warrants shall also be available to future new employees. For acquisitions made by future new employees  the terms shall be the same or equal to the terms that are set out in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that such acquisitions shall take place based on the market value of the warrants at such point in time  and that the board of directors shall set forth an equivalent notification period for new employees whose acquisitions take place after the initial notification period. The valuation of the warrants shall be made by an independent appraiser or audit firm.Since the warrants are acquired by the participants at market value  there are no performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be offered to acquire warrants or in order to exercise warrants for subscription of shares. However  the Company will  in connection with the transfer of the warrants to the participants  reserve a pre-emption right regarding the warrants if the participant’s employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer its warrants.Series 4 – Employee stock options to participants outside SwedenEach employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions:The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of between four (4) and twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months.Series 5 – Employee stock options to participants in SwedenEach employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions:The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work in Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the third anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for the design  interpretation and management of stock options granted under LTI 2023 within the framework of the above-mentioned principal terms and conditions. The board of directors has the right to make reasonable changes and adjustments in detailed terms and conditions of the framework for stock options under LTI 2023 as deemed necessary or appropriate due to differences in local legislation or practices or for administrative purposes. For holders of stock options who are members of the group management  the board of directors is entitled to (i) accelerate vesting of stock options in the event of a change of control situation where the holder is dismissed from his or her employment in connection therewith and (ii) permit extended vesting and exercisability during the severance period  e.g. in good leaver situations. The board of directors also has the right to adjust detailed terms and conditions of stock options in the event of significant changes within the group or its operational environment that entail that the framework established for stock options under LTI 2023 is no longer reasonable or appropriate  provided that such changes are not more favorable to the participant than the terms and conditions set forth in this resolution proposal.Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc.The exercise price and the number of shares that each warrant or stock option entitles to subscription of shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue etc. in accordance with customary re-calculation terms or as set out in the detailed terms and conditions of warrants.Allocation principles  etc.The participants’ right to acquire warrants or to be granted employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to inter alia position  responsibility and working performance in the group. The participants have for this reason been divided into three (3) different categories:Category A (not more than 25 persons): Members of the group management and selected key personnelCategory B (not more than 50 persons): Business unit management and key personnelCategory C (not more than 850 persons): Other personnelWarrants may be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. A precondition for being entitled to acquire warrants is that the participant enters into a pre-emption agreement with the Company and that the participant acquires an equal number of warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  respectively. Pre-emption shall be made at market value. The warrants are otherwise freely transferable. The right to receive employee stock options of Series 4 shall be reserved for current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden  and employee stock options of Series 5 shall be reserved for current and future employees who work in Sweden.The below allocation principles apply to the grant of warrants/stock options within each of the categories set out above.Category Maximum number of warrants/stock options for each participant Maximum number of warrants/stock options within the category Category A (maximum 25 persons) 800 000 2 800 000 Category B (maximum 50 persons) 300 000 2 000 000 Category C (maximum 850 persons) 150 000 3 585 000 Total maximum Category A  B and C N/A 8 385 000In the event that all warrants and/or stock options within one or more categories are not transferred  such non-transferred warrants/stock options may be offered to employees in other categories. The maximum number of warrants and/or stock options per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Warrants may be transferred and stock options may be granted on one or more occasion.Neither the Company’s board members  nor the founders  shall be eligible to participate in LTI 2023.Item (b) – Proposal regarding issue and transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants in LTI 2023 in SwedenThe board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 400 000 warrants for subscription of shares  whereof not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants in Series 3  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 14 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.17 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as set out in item (a) above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants will be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to participants  assign warrants to a third party  or in another way dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a).Detailed resolution proposals for each of the respective issues of warrants Series 1  2 and 3  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  are set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Item (c) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 4The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 5 985 000 warrants in Series 4  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 59 850 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.71 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a).A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 4  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Item (d) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 5The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 000 000 warrants in Series 5  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 10 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.12 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a).A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 5  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Additional information regarding LTI 2023Market value of warrants of Series 1–3Based on a market value of the underlying share of SEK 28.0  the market value of the warrants of Series 1–3 is  in accordance with a preliminary valuation made by PwC  respectively  SEK 6.19  SEK 6.54 and SEK 7.15 per warrant of Series 1  2 and 3  assuming an exercise price of  respectively  SEK 36.40  SEK 39.20 and SEK 42.0 per share. The Black & Scholes valuation model has been used for the preliminary valuation of the warrants  assuming a risk-free interest of  respectively  2.68  2.56 and 2.40 per cent for warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  and an estimated volatility during the term of the warrants of approximately 40.0 per cent.CostsGiven that the warrants of Series 1–3 shall be transferred at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants  the Company estimates that no social security costs will arise for the Company in connection with the transfer of warrants to the participants. Neither should any social security costs arise in connection to the exercise of the warrants.The employee stock options Series 4 and 5 are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the employee stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for employee stock options Series 4 and 5  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 53.0 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share of SEK 28.0 at the time of grant  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share during the term of the stock options of 40.0 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iv) expected time to exercise in accordance with IFRS 2  (v) an annual turnover of personnel of approximately 9.0 per cent based on historical data  and (vi) that all vested stock options are exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection to the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.4 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(vi) above as well as an average social security rate of 7.1 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share of 15 per cent during the vesting period.Other costs related to the LTI 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2 million during the term of the program.Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 63.4 million in total during the term of the program.These costs shall be seen in relation to the tot­al employee benefits expenses of the Sinch group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 4 203 million.DilutionIf all warrants/stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 are transferred or granted to participants and if all warrants/stock options are exercised  up to 8 385 000 shares may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.99 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of the warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 83 850. Together with warrants and stock options which have been transferred or granted to participants in LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021 and LTI 2022 and which are outstanding as of the date of this resolution proposal  including warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  the maximum dilution will amount to approximately 4.76 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of warrants and stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares).Motivation in respect of Series 4 stock option vesting and exercise conditionsAccording to the Rules on Remuneration laid down by the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee (Sw. Aktiemarknadens Självregleringskommitté)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised shall  as a general rule  not be shorter than three (3) years and any deviations from this general rule shall be justified. As set out further above  vesting of Series 4 employee stock options will start on the first anniversary of the date of grant of the stock options to participants  and on the third anniversary of the date of grant  up to 75 per cent of the employee stock options granted to a participant may have vested (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). Further  the vested stock options become exercisable soon after they have vested. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee as set out above  is that the board of directors of the Company consider such terms to be in line with market practice for employee stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in Series 4 of LTI 2023 operate. It is therefore  in the opinion of the board of directors  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of LTI 2023.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal in respect of LTI 2023 has been prepared by the Company’s remuneration committee and board of directors in consultation with external advisers.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement LTI 2023.Majority requirementsSince the resolutions under items (a)–(d) are conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution  a resolution to approve the proposal is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting (as the transfer of warrants to participants under items (b)–(d) require such majority).AuthorizationIt is proposed that the board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB  and that the board of directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the incentive program due to applicable foreign rules and laws  applicable laws  regulations or market practice.Overview of outstanding incentive programsSince the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding stock options or warrants. An overview of all outstanding incentive programs is included in the table below.Program Total # of shares at AGM/EGM Size of program Potential max dilution (%) Invested and subscribed Invested and subscribed / Size of program Exercised (to date) Exercised / Size of program Outstanding Outstanding / Size of program Exercised + Outstanding Exercised and outstan. / Size of program 2016 486 486 450 15 000 000 2.99% 12 157 000 81% 9 612 360 64% - 0% 9 612 360 64% 2018 536 020 890 15 000 000 2.72% 13 809 200 92% 9 652 080 64% 2 819 940 19% 12 472 020 83% 2019 536 020 890 5 100 000 0.94% 3 260 000 64% 791 630 16% 1 188 390 23% 1 980 020 39% 2020 I 588 747 510 5 800 000 0.98% 3 281 000 57% 179 400 3% 1 999 250 34% 2 178 650 38% 2020 II 599 859 340 4 702 600 0.78% 4 228 890 90% - 0% 3 763 180 80% 3 763 180 80% 2021 I 650 235 020 3 230 000 0.49% 3 118 550 97% - 0% 2 467 040 76% 2 467 040 76% 2021 II 727 163 370 3 210 000 0.44% 3 049 919 95% - 0% 2 324 299 72% 2 324 299 72% 2022 833 196 688 25 000 000 2.91% 19 355 610 77% - 0% 17 956 590 72% 17 956 590 72% Total 77 042 600 20 235 470 26% 32 518 689 42% 52 754 159 68% LTI 2023 839 million* 8 385 000 0.99% Note: The total number of shares at AGM/EGM  size of program  and estimated dilution has been recalculated due to the 2021 share split.* Based on 838 602 248 shares outstanding.LTI 2018. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2018 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue of not more than 1 500 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 500 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 1 380 920 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2018. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 9.13 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 742 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company may be issued  including 922 240 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.44 per cent.LTI 2019. An annual general meeting held on 17 May 2019 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue not more than 510 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  510 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 326 000 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2019. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 17.41 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 286 730 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  including 98 340 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.15 per cent.LTI 2020. An annual general meeting held on 15 May 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 580 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  580 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 328 100 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants and stock options Series 1–6 is SEK 60.20 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). As regards Series 7  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2020  November 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for stock options Series 7 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 62.40 per share  SEK 104 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon full exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 999 250 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) will be issued in the Company  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.24 per cent.LTI II 2020. An extraordinary general meeting held on 27 November 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 470 260 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  470 260 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 422 889 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under the LTI II 2020 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2020. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 136.10 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) subscribed by exercise of warrants of Series 1–3. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in November 2020  December 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 104 per share  SEK 120.60 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 763 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.45 per cent.LTI 2021. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees and resolution to issue not more than 323 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  323 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 311 855 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI 2021. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants in Series 1-3 is  respectively  SEK 140.07 per share  SEK 152.80 per share and SEK 165.53 per share. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in December 2021  January 2022 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 153 85 per share  SEK 158.65 per share and SEK 102.15 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 2 467 040 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.29 per cent.LTI II 2021. An extraordinary general meeting held on 26 October 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees outside of Sweden  and resolution to issue not more than 3 210 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  3 049 919 employee stock options have been granted to participants. Each employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI II 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2021. Stock options have been granted on two different occasions: in December 2021 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 102.15 per share and SEK 94.10 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding employee stock options that have been granted to participants in LTI II 2021  a maximum of 2 324 299 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.28 per cent.LTI 2022. An annual general meeting held on 9 June 2022 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees  and resolution to issue not more than 25 000 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  25 000 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 19 355 610 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2022 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal. The exercise price of warrants in Series 1–3 is  respectively  SEK 58.3 per share  SEK 62.8 per share and SEK 67.3 per share. As regards Series 4–5  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2022  September 2022 and December 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 37.525 per share  SEK 14.654 per share and SEK 39.15 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 17 956 590 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 2.10 per cent.The dilution calculations above have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants and employee stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares).Majority requirementsThe resolution under item 15 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. The resolution under item 16 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting due to  as is stated above  the resolutions under item 16 being conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution and the fact that some of these resolutions require such majority.Available documentsThe complete proposals  together with ancillary documentation  will be made available at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Companies Act. The documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address.Shareholders’ right to request informationIf a shareholder at the annual general meeting so requests and  according to the board of directors  it will not result in material damage to the Company or significant inconvenience to any individual  the board of directors and the CEO are obliged to provide information concerning conditions that could influence the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that could influence assessments of the financial position of the Company. This disclosure obligation applies equally to the Company’s relationship with other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances pertaining to subsidiaries as those referred to in the preceding sentence.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  please refer to the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB which are available on their respective websites (www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English).Other informationThe Company has  as of the date of this notice  838 602 248 outstanding shares and votes. The Company holds no treasury shares as of the date of this notice.***Stockholm in April 2023Sinch AB (publ)The board of directors____This English version is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original. In case of any discrepancies  the Swedish original shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.13,0.33,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sinch AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'other authorization document', 'annual general meeting', 'personal/corporate identification number', 'auditors’ group report', 'postal voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual report', 'auditors’ report', 'English Swedish', 'postal vote', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'voting purposes', 'voting list', 'Computershare AB', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Hotell Courtyard', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'share register', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'accompanying advisors', 'legal entity', 'Completed forms', 'Further information', 'two persons', 'Sinch AB', 'proxy form', 'dated power', 'other nominee', 'Sinch AGM', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'full name', 'nominee-registered shares', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Kungsholmen', 'Marriott', 'Stockholm', 'registration', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'intention', 'heading', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'manner', 'bank', 'order', 'advance', 'Notification', 'website', 'investors', 'mail', 'Box', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'offices', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'request', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'Election', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'Resolution', '10:00', '102']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22945,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SINCH-AB-54785943/news/Notice-to-annual-general-meeting-in-Sinch-AB-publ-43492923/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders of Sinch AB   556882-8908 are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Swe…,Homepage Equities Sweden Nasdaq Stockholm Sinch AB News Summary SINCH SE0016101844 SINCH AB (SINCH) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Stockholm - 11:29:47 2023-04-14 am EDT 26.06 SEK +0.46% 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/12 Sinch announces strategic collaboration with Salesforce through enterprise-grade messaging solution AQ Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) 04/14/2023 | 06:25am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Sinch AB (publ)  556882-8908 (“Sinch” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10:00 (CEST) in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Entry and registration begins at 9:30 (CEST). The board of directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and the Company’s articles of association  decided that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the annual general meeting. Accordingly  shareholders may choose to participate at the annual general meeting in person  by proxy or through postal voting. Right to attend the annual general meeting Shareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must: be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 9 May 2023 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the shares are registered in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes by the nominee not later than Thursday 11 May 2023  and notify their intention to participate according to the instructions under the heading “Attendance in person or by proxy” not later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting by post” below in such manner that Computershare AB has received the postal vote by Thursday 11 May 2023. Shareholders with nominee-registered shares held via a bank or other nominee must request the nominee to register the shares in the shareholder’s own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the annual general meeting. As set out above  the nominee must have performed such registration with Euroclear Sweden AB by Thursday 11 May 2023. Therefore  the shareholder must contact its nominee well in advance of this date and re-register their shares in accordance with the nominee’s instructions. Attendance in person or by proxy Shareholders who wish to participate at the annual general meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company of their intent to participate not later than Thursday 11 May 2023. Notification of attendance can be made: electronically through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) by mail to Computershare AB  ”Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden by telephone +46-771-24 64 00  orby e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. The notification is to include the shareholder’s full name  personal/corporate identification number  address  telephone number  and  if applicable  the number of accompanying advisors (not more than two) who are attending the general meeting. Shareholders who do not wish to participate in person or exercise their voting rights by postal voting may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through a proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must be enclosed. Voting by post Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights through postal voting shall use the postal voting form and follow the Company's instructions that are available on the Company's website (https://investors.sinch.com) and at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden. A completed and signed voting form should be sent by mail to Computershare AB  “Sinch AGM”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare AB by Thursday 11 May 2023  at the latest. The completed and signed postal voting form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically with BankID through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder submits a postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. A proxy form is available upon request and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or other authorization document shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Shareholders are not allowed to include special instructions or conditions in the postal voting form. If special instructions or conditions are included in the postal voting form  such postal vote becomes invalid. Further information and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Appointment of chairman of the meeting 3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes 4. Preparation and approval of the voting list 5. Approval of the agenda 6. Determination that the meeting has been duly convened 7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated annual report and the auditors’ group report 8. Resolution on: a) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet; b) appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; and c) discharge from liability towards the Company of the members of the board of directors and the CEO (including the deputy CEO) 9. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors 10. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors 11. Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors 12. Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee 13. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives 14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report 15. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares 16. Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 2023 17. Closing of the meeting Appointment of chairman of the meeting (item 2) The Company’s nomination committee  consisting of Jonas Fredriksson (who represents Neqst D2 AB)  Thomas Wuolikainen (who represents the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Tomas Risbecker (who represents AMF)  Oscar Bergman (who represents Swedbank Robur) and Erik Fröberg (chairman of the board of directors of the Company)  proposes that the chairman of the board Erik Fröberg  or  in his absence  the person designated by the nomination committee  is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes (item 3) The board of directors proposes Jonas Fredriksson  who represents Neqst D2 AB or  in his absence  the person designated by the board of directors  as  in addition to the chairman  person to verify the minutes. Resolution on appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b) The board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2022. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors  remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors and election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors (items 9–11) The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six members  elected by the general meeting  with no deputy members and that the Company  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  shall have a registered accounting company as auditor with no deputy auditors. The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall be paid with SEK 700 000 to each of the members of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company and with SEK 1 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors. The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the audit committee and with SEK 250 000 to the chairman of the audit committee. The nomination committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 50 000 to each of the members in the remuneration committee and with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee. The nomination committee proposes re-election of Erik Fröberg  Renée Robinson Strömberg  Johan Stuart  Björn Zethraeus  Bridget Cosgrave and Hudson Smith as members of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Erik Fröberg shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting. A presentation of the proposed board members (including the nomination committee’s evaluation on independence) can be found on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  re-election of the registered accounting company Deloitte AB as the Company’s auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting and that remuneration to the auditor is paid in accordance with approved invoices. Resolution on the principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee (item 12) The nomination committee proposes that the following principles for the work of the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee  which  save for limited wording changes  are the same principles which were adopted at the annual general meeting 2022  shall apply until further notice. The general meeting assigns the chairman of the board of directors to contact the four largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes (including both directly registered shareholders and custodian registered shareholders)  based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s extract of the share register as of 30 September each year  of which each will appoint one representative to  in addition to the chairman of the board of directors  constitute the nomination committee until a new nomination committee is appointed in accordance with these instructions. If any of the four largest shareholders or owner groups decline to exercise the right to appoint a representative  the fifth largest shareholder or owner group shall be given the opportunity to exercise such right  and so on until the nomination committee consists of five members. The majority of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company’s management. At least one of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company’s largest shareholder or group of shareholders  in terms of votes  working together with the administration of the Company. The CEO or any another member of the Company’s management must not be a member of the nomination committee. Members of the board of directors may be appointed to the nomination committee but are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one member of the board of directors is appointed to the nomination committee  no more than one member may be dependent in relation to the Company’s larger shareholders. The nomination committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The chairman of the board of directors or any other member of the board of directors may not be the chairman of the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. If earlier than two months prior to the annual general meeting  one or more of the shareholders having appointed representatives to the nomination committee is/are no longer among the four largest shareholders  representatives appointed by these shareholders shall resign and the shareholders who then are among the four largest shareholders may appoint their representatives. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before its work is completed and the nomination committee considers it necessary to replace him or her  such substitute member is to represent the same shareholder or  if the shareholder is no longer one of the four largest shareholders  the next largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s transcription of the share register as soon as possible after the date the representative left the committee. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee must be announced immediately. Remuneration shall not be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The Company shall  however  pay any necessary expenses that the nomination committee may incur in its work. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the composition of the following nomination committee has been announced. The nomination committee shall fulfil the tasks set out in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and shall present proposals for the following resolutions at the annual general meeting: proposal for chairman of the meeting; proposal for the board of directors; proposal for chairman of the board of directors; proposal for auditors; proposal for remuneration for the board of directors  divided between the chairman and the other members of the board of directors and any remuneration for work in the committees; proposal for remuneration for the Company’s auditors; proposal for principles for appointing a nomination committee for the annual general meeting; and proposal for amendments of the instructions for the nomination committee. The nomination committee has the right  at Sinch's expense  to engage external consultants whom the nomination committee considers necessary to fulfil its task. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives (item 13) The board of directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting and constitute a framework under which remuneration to senior executives may be decided by the board of directors. The previous guidelines were approved by the annual general meeting in 2022. The reasons for the proposed changes are harmonization due to previous acquisitions and market conditions in various geographies in which the Company has significant operations  including the recent recruitment of a new CEO based in the United States. In summary  the proposed changes are: To adjust the short-term variable pay to not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay (30 per cent in 2022).To introduce a special compensation to allow extraordinary incentives when hiring new and retaining existing members of the senior executives’ team (see definition below).To adjust other benefits to not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay (6 per cent in 2022).To adjust notice period and severance pay period for the CEO to not exceed 6 months’ notice and 12 months’ severance. The Company has not received any comments on the guidelines from any shareholders. For the purposes of these guidelines  the members of the senior executives’ team consists of board members of the Company who are employed by group  the CEO  the deputy CEO (if applicable) and other members of the senior executives’ team who report to the CEO. The senior executives’ team currently comprises 12 senior executives  including the CEO. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Compensation to the CEO and other senior executives must therefore reflect Sinch’s need to recruit and motivate qualified employees by means of compensation packages perceived as fair and competitive. The board of directors is empowered to depart from the below guidelines if in a specific case there is a special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. In the preparation of the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines for compensation to the CEO and other senior executives  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the board of directors’ basis for its decision. Compensation consists of the following components: Fixed base payShort- and long-term variable paySpecial compensationPension benefitsOther benefitsPay during period of notice of termination or resignation Market based compensation The Company has acquired high quality benchmark data from third party sources to secure that compensation to the CEO and other senior executives reflects what is offered to executives in comparable positions in other companies. Market rate is also secured through recruitment processes  in the cases where executives are recruited externally. Fixed base pay The fixed base pay must be market based and reflect the employee’s position  qualifications  experience and individual performance. Short-term variable pay Short-term variable pay shall be measured against predefined financial performance targets. Non-financial objectives may also be used to sharpen focus on achieving the Company’s strategic plans. Objectives shall be specific  clear  measurable  subject to deadlines and adopted by the board of directors. They shall further be designed to contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the relevant measurement period has ended. The board of directors has delegated the responsibility for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives to the remuneration committee. Levels and targets for variable pay are suggested annually by the CEO for other senior executives and approved by the board of directors. Levels and targets for the CEO are defined by the board of directors. Short-term variable pay may not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed base pay  as management compensation should be focused on long term incentives. Long-term variable pay Long-term variable pay may encompass share-related incentive programs. These guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved on or approved by a general meeting. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to the Company’s share- related incentive programs LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021  LTI 2022 and the proposed LTI 2023. Each year  the board of directors evaluates whether a long-term share-related incentive program should be proposed to the annual general meeting. The purpose of offering a share-related incentive program is to ensure that the interests of senior executives coincide with those of the Company’s shareholders. Individual  long-term ownership among key individuals can be expected to stimulate keener interest in the business and its profitability  increase motivation  and enhance the sense of belonging with the Company and thereby contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Long-term share-related incentives also helps to retain current executives and attract new executives when recruiting. Special compensation Additional variable cash compensation may be offered to key employees who remain employed in connection with acquisitions of new companies  divestments of businesses  other transitional activity or who perform other extraordinary work endeavours. Such special compensation may not exceed 50 per cent of the contracted annual fixed base salary. Special compensation may only be awarded in special cases and shall not be included in any ordinary compensation system. Decisions regarding special compensation shall always be made by the board of directors. Pensions Pension benefits for the CEO and other senior executives must reflect customary market terms  compared with what generally applies to executives in comparable positions in other companies  and should normally be based upon defined contribution pension plans. Retirement occurs at the relevant/applicable retirement age. Pension benefits may not exceed 35 per cent of the fixed base pay unless higher contributions follow from a pension plan pursuant to an applicable collective bargaining agreement. Other benefits Other continuous employee benefits may  among other things  consist of health insurance and fitness/wellness programs. The costs for such benefits may not exceed 10 per cent of the fixed base pay. Notice periods and severance pay As a general rule  employment agreements entered into between the Company and senior executives shall be on an indefinite basis. If the Company terminates the CEO’s employment  the period of notice shall be a maximum of six months. If the CEO resigns  the period of notice shall be six months. A period of notice applies between the Company and other senior executives of up to six months  whether the employee resigns or is terminated. In addition to compensation paid during the applicable period of notice  any severance pay after the applicable notice period shall not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed base pay for 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for other senior executives. What is stated above constitutes a framework under which individual terms are to be resolved on by the board of directors. Compensation to founders of the Company Compensation to founders of the Company is subject to approval by the board of directors. Founders are excluded from the requirement of market-based pay  i.e. their compensation and benefits may be below market  as they are compensated through their ownership in the Company. Compensation to founders of the Company consists of the following components: Fixed base payPension benefitsAdditional vacation entitlementPay during period of notice of termination or resignation If a founder is temporarily covering another management position  the founder will be compensated during this period with a base pay equal to the person in the management team with the lowest salary at the time  excluding other founders. Approval Changes in terms  conditions and compensation to the CEO is subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors. Day to day costs such as travel expenses for the CEO are approved by the CFO  and quarterly summaries are sent to the chairman of the board of directors. New recruitments  salary changes and other significant changes for other senior executives than the CEO are subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors  whereas minor adjustments  and day to day costs are approved by the CEO. Payout of fixed base pay is prepared by local payroll departments and are approved before payout by the local HR representative. Payout of short-term variable pay is subject to approval from the CEO as regards other senior executives and from the chairman of the board of directors as regards the CEO. Eligibility for share-related incentive program must be approved by the board of directors based on the proposal approved at a general meeting. Controls and decision-making process The Company has a remuneration committee which consists of two members of the board of directors. The chairman of the board of directors is also chairman of the remuneration committee. The remuneration committee shall  in relation to the board of directors  have a preparatory function in respect of principles for remuneration  remuneration and other terms of employment regarding the senior executives. Consequently  the remuneration committee shall prepare a proposal in respect of guidelines for compensation to senior executives  which it shall present to the board of directors. The proposal shall then be presented to and resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also evaluate the application of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The board of directors shall at least every fourth year or upon material changes to the guidelines make a proposal on guidelines to be resolved by the annual general meeting. The guidelines shall be applied in relation to every commitment on compensation to senior executives and every change in such commitment  which is resolved after the annual general meeting at which the guidelines were adopted. Thus  the guidelines have no impact on pre-existing contractually binding commitments. Guidelines resolved upon may also be amended by way of a resolution by any other general meeting. Further  the remuneration committee shall  within the scope of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting  prepare proposals regarding remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives. The board of directors shall annually evaluate the CEO’s performance. Further  the remuneration committee shall observe and evaluate programs for variable compensation to the senior executives which are ongoing or finished during the year as well as the Company’s current remuneration structure and remuneration levels. Furthermore  the remuneration committee shall annually prepare a remuneration report regarding the compensation to the senior executives. The remuneration report shall be made available to the shareholders on the Company’s website by the remuneration committee not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. Within the scope and on the basis of the guidelines  the board of directors shall annually decide on the specific revised remuneration terms for each senior executive and make such other decisions on compensation to senior executives that may be required. The CEO or other senior executives shall not participate in the remuneration committee’s and the board of directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Compliance with guidelines is controlled annually through the following activities: Collection of documented annual targets for short-term variable payRandom samples of salary payout approvalsSample reports from payroll systems to identify any out of the ordinary payouts The results of the controls are summarized and reported to the remuneration committee. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report (item 14) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares (item 15) The board of directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions  until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares to be paid in cash  in kind or by way of set-off or otherwise on terms and conditions and that such new issue can be performed with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. The issues are to be performed on market terms  taking into account any discount on market terms. The reason for the authorization and the reason for the possible deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to enable capital raisings for the acquisition of companies  or parts of companies  and for the operations of the Company. The board of directors is entitled to resolve on share issues causing an increase of the Company’s share capital of at most 10 per cent of the Company’s registered share capital at the time the board of directors first utilizes the authorization. Resolution on implementation of long-term incentive program 2023 (LTI 2023)  issue and transfer of warrants to participants in LTI 2023 and issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options granted under LTI 2023 (item 16) Background and reasons Since the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding warrants or employee stock options. In addition  the incentive program LTI 2018 will expire by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The board of directors considers it to be in the best interest of Sinch and its shareholders to implement an additional long-term incentive program (“LTI 2023”) for senior executives  key personnel and other employees in the group  in accordance with this proposal. LTI 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 925 current and future senior executives  key personnel and other employees within the Sinch group. The proposal has been based on the assessment of the board of directors that it is important  and in the interest of all shareholders  to create even greater participation in the group’s development for current and future senior executives  key personnel and employees of the group. The board of directors also considers it important to be able to attract talent over time  to encourage continued employment and to maintain a satisfactory employee retention level. In view of the above  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to implement the LTI 2023 in accordance with items (a)–(d) below. The resolutions under items (a)–(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. Item (a) – Proposal on implementation of LTI 2023 LTI 2023 comprises five (5) Series. Series 1–3 consist of warrants (Sw. teckningsoptioner) to be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. The warrants of Series 1 have a term of approximately 3.3 years  the warrants of Series 2 have a term of approximately four (4) years and the warrants of Series 3 have a term of approximately five (5) years. The holders can exercise the warrants to subscribe for shares during a period of three (3) months before the end of the term of each Series of warrants. Series 4 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to employees of the Sinch group outside Sweden. Series 5 of LTI 2023 comprises employee stock options which may be granted to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 8 385 000 warrants in total. Pursuant to the resolution in item (b)  not more than 1 400 000 warrants may be issued in Series 1–3 (of which not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants may be issued in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants may be issued in Series 3). Further  pursuant to the resolution in items (c) and (d)  not more than 5 985 000 and 1 000 000 warrants may be issued in order to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options to participants in  respectively  LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5. The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series 1–5 shall vest in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sinch Holding AB (the “Subsidiary”)  which shall transfer the warrants of Series 1–3 to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden  and hold warrants of Series 4 and 5 to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 Series 4 and 5. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants shall be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary. Below is a description of the principal terms and conditions for each of the LTI 2023 Series 1–5. Series 1–3 – Warrants The Subsidiary will transfer the warrants in Series 1–3 to participants at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium). Each warrant of  respectively  Series 1  2 and 3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the exercise period for each respective Series at an exercise price corresponding to  respectively  130 per cent  140 per cent and 150 per cent of the volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 4 May 2023 up to and including 17 May 2023 (rounded to the nearest full SEK 0.1  where SEK 0.05 shall be rounded up). However  the exercise price may not be less than the share’s quota value (currently SEK 0.01). Days without price quotation shall not be included in the calculation. The exercise periods for exercising the warrants for subscription of shares under each Series are as follows: Series 1: from and including 30 June 2026 up to and including 30 September 2026;Series 2: from and including 30 March 2027 up to and including 30 June 2027; andSeries 3: from and including 30 March 2028 up to and including 30 June 2028. The issued warrants of Series 1–3 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be subscribed for by the Subsidiary  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  whereafter the Subsidiary shall offer warrants to participants. The notification period  during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants  shall indicatively start on or around 22 May 2023. Transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium) calculated according to an established valuation model (the Black & Scholes model) and determined in connection with the first day of the notification period. The board of directors of the Company shall be authorized to postpone the notification period during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants. Warrants shall also be available to future new employees. For acquisitions made by future new employees  the terms shall be the same or equal to the terms that are set out in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that such acquisitions shall take place based on the market value of the warrants at such point in time  and that the board of directors shall set forth an equivalent notification period for new employees whose acquisitions take place after the initial notification period. The valuation of the warrants shall be made by an independent appraiser or audit firm. Since the warrants are acquired by the participants at market value  there are no performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be offered to acquire warrants or in order to exercise warrants for subscription of shares. However  the Company will  in connection with the transfer of the warrants to the participants  reserve a pre-emption right regarding the warrants if the participant’s employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer its warrants. Series 4 – Employee stock options to participants outside Sweden Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions: The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of employee stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following twelve (12) calendar quarters (each a “ ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of between four (4) and twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months. Series 5 – Employee stock options to participants in Sweden Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions: The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work in Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option. However  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the third anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date. In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period. If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months. Preparation and administration The board of directors shall be responsible for the design  interpretation and management of stock options granted under LTI 2023 within the framework of the above-mentioned principal terms and conditions. The board of directors has the right to make reasonable changes and adjustments in detailed terms and conditions of the framework for stock options under LTI 2023 as deemed necessary or appropriate due to differences in local legislation or practices or for administrative purposes. For holders of stock options who are members of the group management  the board of directors is entitled to (i) accelerate vesting of stock options in the event of a change of control situation where the holder is dismissed from his or her employment in connection therewith and (ii) permit extended vesting and exercisability during the severance period  e.g. in good leaver situations. The board of directors also has the right to adjust detailed terms and conditions of stock options in the event of significant changes within the group or its operational environment that entail that the framework established for stock options under LTI 2023 is no longer reasonable or appropriate  provided that such changes are not more favorable to the participant than the terms and conditions set forth in this resolution proposal. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price and the number of shares that each warrant or stock option entitles to subscription of shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue etc. in accordance with customary re-calculation terms or as set out in the detailed terms and conditions of warrants. Allocation principles  etc. The participants’ right to acquire warrants or to be granted employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to inter alia position  responsibility and working performance in the group. The participants have for this reason been divided into three (3) different categories: Category A (not more than 25 persons): Members of the group management and selected key personnel Category B (not more than 50 persons): Business unit management and key personnel Category C (not more than 850 persons): Other personnel Warrants may be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel  business unit management and key personnel and other personnel in Sweden. A precondition for being entitled to acquire warrants is that the participant enters into a pre-emption agreement with the Company and that the participant acquires an equal number of warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  respectively. Pre-emption shall be made at market value. The warrants are otherwise freely transferable. The right to receive employee stock options of Series 4 shall be reserved for current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden  and employee stock options of Series 5 shall be reserved for current and future employees who work in Sweden. The below allocation principles apply to the grant of warrants/stock options within each of the categories set out above. Category Maximum number of warrants/stock options for each participant Maximum number of warrants/stock options within the category Category A (maximum 25 persons) 800 000 2 800 000 Category B (maximum 50 persons) 300 000 2 000 000 Category C (maximum 850 persons) 150 000 3 585 000 Total maximum Category A  B and C N/A 8 385 000 In the event that all warrants and/or stock options within one or more categories are not transferred  such non-transferred warrants/stock options may be offered to employees in other categories. The maximum number of warrants and/or stock options per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Warrants may be transferred and stock options may be granted on one or more occasion. Neither the Company’s board members  nor the founders  shall be eligible to participate in LTI 2023. Item (b) – Proposal regarding issue and transfer of warrants of Series 1–3 to participants in LTI 2023 in Sweden The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 400 000 warrants for subscription of shares  whereof not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 1  not more than 466 667 warrants in Series 2 and not more than 466 666 warrants in Series 3  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 14 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.17 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as set out in item (a) above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants will be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to participants  assign warrants to a third party  or in another way dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). Detailed resolution proposals for each of the respective issues of warrants Series 1  2 and 3  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  are set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Item (c) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 4 The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 5 985 000 warrants in Series 4  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 59 850 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.71 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 4  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Item (d) – Proposal on issue of warrants to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of employee stock options of Series 5 The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 000 000 warrants in Series 5  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 10 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.12 per cent of the share capital in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being SEK 8 386 022.48. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including the date of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) up to and including 31 December 2032  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2023  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with item (a). A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants Series 5  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices). Additional information regarding LTI 2023 Market value of warrants of Series 1–3 Based on a market value of the underlying share of SEK 28.0  the market value of the warrants of Series 1–3 is  in accordance with a preliminary valuation made by PwC  respectively  SEK 6.19  SEK 6.54 and SEK 7.15 per warrant of Series 1  2 and 3  assuming an exercise price of  respectively  SEK 36.40  SEK 39.20 and SEK 42.0 per share. The Black & Scholes valuation model has been used for the preliminary valuation of the warrants  assuming a risk-free interest of  respectively  2.68  2.56 and 2.40 per cent for warrants of Series 1  2 and 3  and an estimated volatility during the term of the warrants of approximately 40.0 per cent. Costs Given that the warrants of Series 1–3 shall be transferred at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants  the Company estimates that no social security costs will arise for the Company in connection with the transfer of warrants to the participants. Neither should any social security costs arise in connection to the exercise of the warrants. The employee stock options Series 4 and 5 are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the employee stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for employee stock options Series 4 and 5  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 53.0 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share of SEK 28.0 at the time of grant  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share during the term of the stock options of 40.0 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iv) expected time to exercise in accordance with IFRS 2  (v) an annual turnover of personnel of approximately 9.0 per cent based on historical data  and (vi) that all vested stock options are exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection to the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.4 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(vi) above as well as an average social security rate of 7.1 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share of 15 per cent during the vesting period. Other costs related to the LTI 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 63.4 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the tot­al employee benefits expenses of the Sinch group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 4 203 million. Dilution If all warrants/stock options within the frame of LTI 2023 are transferred or granted to participants and if all warrants/stock options are exercised  up to 8 385 000 shares may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.99 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of the warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 83 850. Together with warrants and stock options which have been transferred or granted to participants in LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021 and LTI 2022 and which are outstanding as of the date of this resolution proposal  including warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  the maximum dilution will amount to approximately 4.76 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of warrants and stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares). Motivation in respect of Series 4 stock option vesting and exercise conditions According to the Rules on Remuneration laid down by the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee (Sw. Aktiemarknadens Självregleringskommitté)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised shall  as a general rule  not be shorter than three (3) years and any deviations from this general rule shall be justified. As set out further above  vesting of Series 4 employee stock options will start on the first anniversary of the date of grant of the stock options to participants  and on the third anniversary of the date of grant  up to 75 per cent of the employee stock options granted to a participant may have vested (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). Further  the vested stock options become exercisable soon after they have vested. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Stock Market Self-Regulation Committee as set out above  is that the board of directors of the Company consider such terms to be in line with market practice for employee stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in Series 4 of LTI 2023 operate. It is therefore  in the opinion of the board of directors  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of LTI 2023. Preparation of the proposal This proposal in respect of LTI 2023 has been prepared by the Company’s remuneration committee and board of directors in consultation with external advisers. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement LTI 2023. Majority requirements Since the resolutions under items (a)–(d) are conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution  a resolution to approve the proposal is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting (as the transfer of warrants to participants under items (b)–(d) require such majority). Authorization It is proposed that the board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB  and that the board of directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the incentive program due to applicable foreign rules and laws  applicable laws  regulations or market practice. Overview of outstanding incentive programs Since the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding stock options or warrants. An overview of all outstanding incentive programs is included in the table below. Program Total # of shares at AGM/EGM Size of program Potential max dilution (%) Invested and subscribed Invested and subscribed / Size of program Exercised (to date) Exercised / Size of program Outstanding Outstanding / Size of program Exercised + Outstanding Exercised and outstan. / Size of program 2016 486 486 450 15 000 000 2.99% 12 157 000 81% 9 612 360 64% - 0% 9 612 360 64% 2018 536 020 890 15 000 000 2.72% 13 809 200 92% 9 652 080 64% 2 819 940 19% 12 472 020 83% 2019 536 020 890 5 100 000 0.94% 3 260 000 64% 791 630 16% 1 188 390 23% 1 980 020 39% 2020 I 588 747 510 5 800 000 0.98% 3 281 000 57% 179 400 3% 1 999 250 34% 2 178 650 38% 2020 II 599 859 340 4 702 600 0.78% 4 228 890 90% - 0% 3 763 180 80% 3 763 180 80% 2021 I 650 235 020 3 230 000 0.49% 3 118 550 97% - 0% 2 467 040 76% 2 467 040 76% 2021 II 727 163 370 3 210 000 0.44% 3 049 919 95% - 0% 2 324 299 72% 2 324 299 72% 2022 833 196 688 25 000 000 2.91% 19 355 610 77% - 0% 17 956 590 72% 17 956 590 72% Total 77 042 600 20 235 470 26% 32 518 689 42% 52 754 159 68% LTI 2023 839 million* 8 385 000 0.99% Note: The total number of shares at AGM/EGM  size of program  and estimated dilution has been recalculated due to the 2021 share split.* Based on 838 602 248 shares outstanding. LTI 2018. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2018 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue of not more than 1 500 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 500 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 1 380 920 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2018. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 9.13 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 742 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company may be issued  including 922 240 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.44 per cent. LTI 2019. An annual general meeting held on 17 May 2019 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue not more than 510 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  510 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 326 000 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2019. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 17.41 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise and registration of shares following exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 286 730 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  including 98 340 shares from warrants that have been exercised but where the shares have not yet been registered  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.15 per cent. LTI 2020. An annual general meeting held on 15 May 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 580 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  580 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 328 100 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants and stock options Series 1–6 is SEK 60.20 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). As regards Series 7  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2020  November 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for stock options Series 7 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 62.40 per share  SEK 104 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon full exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 1 999 250 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) will be issued in the Company  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.24 per cent. LTI II 2020. An extraordinary general meeting held on 27 November 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 470 260 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  470 260 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 422 889 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under the LTI II 2020 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2020. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 136.10 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) subscribed by exercise of warrants of Series 1–3. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in November 2020  December 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 104 per share  SEK 120.60 per share and SEK 142.20 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 763 180 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.45 per cent. LTI 2021. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees and resolution to issue not more than 323 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  323 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 311 855 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI 2021. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants in Series 1-3 is  respectively  SEK 140.07 per share  SEK 152.80 per share and SEK 165.53 per share. As regards Series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in December 2021  January 2022 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options of Series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 153 85 per share  SEK 158.65 per share and SEK 102.15 per share (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 2 467 040 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.29 per cent. LTI II 2021. An extraordinary general meeting held on 26 October 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees outside of Sweden  and resolution to issue not more than 3 210 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  3 049 919 employee stock options have been granted to participants. Each employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI II 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2021. Stock options have been granted on two different occasions: in December 2021 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 102.15 per share and SEK 94.10 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding employee stock options that have been granted to participants in LTI II 2021  a maximum of 2 324 299 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.28 per cent. LTI 2022. An annual general meeting held on 9 June 2022 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees  and resolution to issue not more than 25 000 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  25 000 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 19 355 610 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. No warrants or employee stock options under LTI 2022 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal. The exercise price of warrants in Series 1–3 is  respectively  SEK 58.3 per share  SEK 62.8 per share and SEK 67.3 per share. As regards Series 4–5  stock options have been granted on three different occasions: in June 2022  September 2022 and December 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 37.525 per share  SEK 14.654 per share and SEK 39.15 per share. Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 17 956 590 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 2.10 per cent. The dilution calculations above have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants and employee stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of this resolution proposal  being 838 602 248 shares). Majority requirements The resolution under item 15 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. The resolution under item 16 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting due to  as is stated above  the resolutions under item 16 being conditional upon each other and passed as one resolution and the fact that some of these resolutions require such majority. Available documents The complete proposals  together with ancillary documentation  will be made available at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  Sweden  and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) not later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Companies Act. The documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address. Shareholders’ right to request information If a shareholder at the annual general meeting so requests and  according to the board of directors  it will not result in material damage to the Company or significant inconvenience to any individual  the board of directors and the CEO are obliged to provide information concerning conditions that could influence the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that could influence assessments of the financial position of the Company. This disclosure obligation applies equally to the Company’s relationship with other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances pertaining to subsidiaries as those referred to in the preceding sentence. Processing of personal data For information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  please refer to the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB which are available on their respective websites (www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English). Other information The Company has  as of the date of this notice  838 602 248 outstanding shares and votes. The Company holds no treasury shares as of the date of this notice. *** Stockholm in April 2023Sinch AB (publ)The board of directors____ This English version is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original. In case of any discrepancies  the Swedish original shall prevail. Attachment Sinch_AGM_2023_Notice_to_Annual_General_Meeting_ENGAll news about SINCH AB 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/14 Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ) GL 04/12 Sinch announces strategic collaboration with Salesforce through enterprise-grade messag.. AQ 04/03 On the 50th Anniversary of the First Mobile Phone Call  New Study Finds People Would R.. GL 04/03 On the 50th Anniversary of the First Mobile Phone Call  New Study Finds People Would R.. GL 03/29 Sinch appoints Laurinda Pang as CEO GL 03/29 Sinch appoints Laurinda Pang as CEO AQ 03/29 Sinch AB Announces Chief Executive Officer Changes  Effective from April 17  2023 CI 03/24 Sinch announces Operator Connect for Partners GL 03/24 Sinch announces Operator Connect for Partners GL Financials SEK USD Sales 2022 28 422 M 2 752 M 2 752 M Net income 2022 -4 658 M -451 M -451 M Net Debt 2022 9 667 M 936 M 936 M P/E ratio 2022 -4 61x Yield 2022 - Capitalization 21 854 M 2 116 M 2 116 M EV / Sales 2022 1 11x EV / Sales 2023 0 97x Nbr of Employees 3 565 Free-Float 66 8% Chart SINCH AB Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends SINCH AB Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bearish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 8 Last Close Price 26 06 SEK Average target price 54 71 SEK Spread / Average Target 110% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Johan Christer Hedberg President & Chief Executive Officer Roshan Saldanha Chief Financial Officer Erik Olof Fröberg Director Jonas Lindeborg Chief Technology Officer Cristina David Chief Information Officer Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) SINCH AB -31.83% 2 116 SALESFORCE.COM  INC. 46.81% 194 650 CLOUDFLARE  INC. 43.07% 21 365 DYNATRACE  INC. 10.39% 12 221 KINGDEE INTERNATIONAL SOFTWARE GROUP COMPANY LIMITED -19.83% 5 939 NUTANIX  INC. -1.80% 5 868,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sinch AB', 'Notice', 'AQ Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Homepage Equities Sweden Nasdaq Stockholm Sinch AB News Summary', 'Official Publications Sector news Notice', 'Other languages Press Releases', 'list Report Report', 'enterprise-grade messaging solution', 'multiple email addresses', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identification number', 'postal voting form', 'meeting venue', 'Computershare AB', 'postal vote', 'Sinch AGM', 'other nominee', 'voting rights', 'voting purposes', 'strategic collaboration', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'share register', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'accompanying advisors', 'legal entity', 'Completed forms', 'proxy form', 'dated power', 'telephone number', 'First name', 'full name', 'nominee-registered shares', 'post Shareholders', 'proxy Shareholders', 'EDT', '06 SEK', 'GL', 'Salesforce', 'relevant', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Kungsholmen', 'Hotell', 'Courtyard', 'Marriott', 'registration', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'intention', 'instructions', 'heading', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'manner', 'bank', 'order', 'advance', 'Notification', 'website', 'investors', 'Box', 'written', 'signed', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'offices', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'request', '10:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22946,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banking news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NxbAQSYDPz #regtech,nan,Banking news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/NxbAQSYDPz #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Banking news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'NxbAQSYDPz', 'Banking news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'NxbAQSYDPz']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,Unknown
22947,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-050507327.html,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse...,"FILE PHOTO: Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in FrankfurtBy Danilo Masoni and Samuel IndykMILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Story continuesAverage daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman)",neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.17,0.13,0.7,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'German stock exchange', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'defensive utility-like features', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', 'European exchange stocks', 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'Average daily value', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'bourse operators', 'bank turmoil', 'defensive qualities', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', '5-year average', 'equity volatility', 'bear symbols', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'spike in', 'Credit Suisse', 'modest valuations', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'fixed-income volatility', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Thomson Reuters', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'Flow Traders', 'bond volatility', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', 'PHOTO', 'Bull', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'MILAN/LONDON', 'downfall', 'investors', 'exchanges', 'September', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'month', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '14 times', '22 times', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22948,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/a19aa379b2511655,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,[1/3] Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in Frankfurt  Germany  February 12  2019. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo MILAN/LONDON  April 14 (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike…,[1/3] Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in Frankfurt  Germany  February 12  2019. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File PhotoMILAN/LONDON  April 14 (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  as some investors turn towards bourse operators…This story appeared on reuters.com   2023-04-14.,neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'German stock exchange', 'Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo', 'European exchange stocks', 'bear symbols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'bourse operators', 'Bull', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'February', 'REUTERS', 'MILAN/LONDON', 'April', 'spike', 'volatility', 'downfall', 'CSGN.', 'investors', 'story']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,biztoc.com
22949,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CREDIT-SUISSE-GROUP-AG-9364979/news/European-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-43490884/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,(marketscreener.com) European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.https://www.marke…,"The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman)By Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk",neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.28,0.12,0.6,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'defensive utility-like features', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Average daily value', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'exchange stocks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', 'bank turmoil', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'equity volatility', '5-year average', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'Credit Suisse', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'fixed-income volatility', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Jane Merriman', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', 'Thomson Reuters', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'bond volatility', 'Flow Traders', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', 'exchanges', 'September', 'investors', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Milan', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'month', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '14 times', '22 times', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities', 'klpygmmxkpg/Exchange', 'Editing']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22950,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-1337254,European exchanges’ defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,By Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) -   European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities…,The exchanges’ share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators’ shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.“There’s rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action ” said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.“Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks”.Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company’s history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS’s rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.Volatility boostEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks’ time.UBS research that uses the bank’s prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor “crowding” in exchange operators’ stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.“Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges ” said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.“The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio ” he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.“Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends ” said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. “We continue to like exchange stocks.”(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman),neutral,0.02,0.54,0.45,mixed,0.24,0.1,0.66,True,English,"['European exchanges’ defensive appeal', 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', '14 times 12-month forward earnings', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'defensive utility-like features', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', 'Exchange operators’ shares', 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Average daily value', 'exchange operators’ stocks', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'exchange stocks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', 'bank turmoil', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'equity volatility', '5-year average', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'Credit Suisse', 'Volatility boost', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'fixed-income volatility', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Jane Merriman', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', 'Thomson Reuters', 'weeks’ time', 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'bond volatility', 'Flow Traders', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', '22 times', 'September', 'investors', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'exchanges', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Milan', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'shareholder', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities', 'Editing']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,fxempire.com
22951,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-3055385,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil By Reuters,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,"© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in Frankfurt  Germany  February 12  2019. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File PhotoDB1Gn -1.50% Add to/Remove from Watchlist ICE 0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist TRI -1.03% Add to/Remove from Watchlist STOXX +0.59% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Danilo Masoni and Samuel IndykMILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters (NYSE: )  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ) Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.06,0.81,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'Reuters', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo DB1Gn', 'seven big European centres', '14 times 12-month forward earnings', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'The MOVE index', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'German stock exchange', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'defensive utility-like features', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'European exchange stocks', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'Average daily value', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'region-wide index', 'European banks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'bourse operators', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'bank turmoil', 'defensive qualities', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', '5-year average', 'equity volatility', 'bear symbols', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'spike in', 'Credit Suisse', 'modest valuations', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'fixed-income volatility', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'Watchlist ICE', 'Watchlist TRI', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'Flow Traders', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'Thomson Reuters', 'UBS research', 'bond volatility', 'Reuters News', '22 times', 'Bull', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'February', 'MILAN/LONDON', 'downfall', 'investors', 'exchanges', 'September', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'ETR', 'LSEG', 'NYSE', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'mkt', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'portfolio', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', '©']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,investing.com
22952,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://bitcoinist.com/bitcoin-futures-trading-coming-to-lseg/,Bitcoin Futures And Options Trading Coming To London Stock Exchange,The United Kingdom is the newest addition to the list of countries that have legalized bitcoin futures trading in some form. The London Stock Exchange Group (LSE) said on Thursday that it will provide trading and clearing services for derivatives based on the…,The United Kingdom is the newest addition to the list of countries that have legalized bitcoin futures trading in some form.The London Stock Exchange Group (LSE) said on Thursday that it will provide trading and clearing services for derivatives based on the Bitcoin index.In a statement released Thursday  LCH  the clearinghouse arm of the London Stock Exchange Group  said that it would provide clearing services for cash-settled bitcoin (BTC) index futures and options.Cash-settled Bitcoin (BTC) index futures and options contracts traded on GFO-X will have access to LCH’s clearing services  the company announced in a press release.In the UK  GFO-X is the first exchange for digital asset derivatives that is both authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).Image: CoinstelegramBritain Aims To Become Bitcoin HubEarlier this year  Britain  which aspires to become a global center for crypto technology  opened a public consultation on future legislation for crypto assets  which are unregulated at present.Frank Soussan  chief of LCH Digital Asset Clear  claims that bitcoin index futures and options are a fast-growing asset class due to the rising number of institutional market participants seeking access within a regulated setting.“Offering centralized clearing for these cash-settled dollar-denominated crypto derivatives contracts on GFO-X is an important development for the market ” Soussan said.In the fourth quarter of this year  Bitcoin futures and options trading are anticipated to begin. The clearance service is now awaiting certification from French authorities.Arnab Sen  CEO and co-founder of GFO-X  made the following statement:“Recent market events in the trading of digital assets have highlighted the need for a safe  regulated venue where large financial institutions can trade at scale  while keeping their clients’ assets protected.”The Major Role of ClearinghousesTrading agreements made on an exchange can be settled at a central clearinghouse. They have been favored by authorities since the 2008 financial crisis as a strategy to reduce the risk of investment banks doing separate bilateral dealings with other participants.Rival CME Group already offers bitcoin futures and options  while the Chicago Board Options Exchange acquired a digital asset exchange  ErisX.On Monday  the FTSE Bitcoin Index will be available in futures contracts traded in U.S. dollars and Euros on the Eurex platform of Deutsche Boerse.As investor interest in cryptocurrency grows  more and more conventional financial institutions are beginning to offer cryptocurrency trading and related services.Total market cap of cryptocurrencies climb a bit and now at $1.24 billion on the daily chart at TradingView.comBanking Giants Joining Bitcoin BandwagonMany large financial institutions have entered the crypto market  including J.P. Morgan  Morgan Stanley  Goldman Sachs  and BlackRock.Several Bitcoin futures products  primarily futures ETFs  have been introduced in several countries over the past few years.Following the United States’ lead in 2021  countries like Brazil  Argentina and even Hong Kong made similar moves.-Featured image from CoinNewsSpan,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'Bitcoin Futures', 'Options', 'Trading', 'The London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash-settled dollar-denominated crypto derivatives contracts', 'Cash-settled Bitcoin (BTC) index futures', 'Many large financial institutions', 'Chicago Board Options Exchange', 'Several Bitcoin futures products', 'LCH Digital Asset Clear', 'Rival CME Group', 'digital asset exchange', 'conventional financial institutions', 'digital asset derivatives', 'growing asset class', 'The United Kingdom', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'separate bilateral dealings', 'FTSE Bitcoin Index', 'U.S. dollars', 'com Banking Giants', 'United States’ lead', 'bitcoin index futures', 'safe, regulated venue', 'J.P. Morgan', 'Recent market events', 'Total market cap', 'institutional market participants', 'bitcoin futures trading', 'futures contracts', 'first exchange', 'crypto market', 'digital assets', '2008 financial crisis', 'futures ETFs', 'options contracts', 'Bitcoin Hub', 'Bitcoin Bandwagon', 'crypto technology', 'crypto assets', 'regulated setting', 'other participants', 'Morgan Stanley', 'several countries', 'newest addition', 'clearing services', 'clearinghouse arm', 'press release', 'global center', 'public consultation', 'future legislation', 'rising number', 'centralized clearing', 'important development', 'fourth quarter', 'clearance service', 'Arnab Sen', 'clients’ assets', 'Major Role', 'central clearinghouse', 'investment banks', 'Eurex platform', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'investor interest', 'related services', 'daily chart', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Hong Kong', 'similar moves', 'Trading agreements', 'options trading', 'Frank Soussan', 'French authorities', 'following statement', 'Featured image', 'cryptocurrency trading', 'list', 'LSE', 'Thursday', 'GFO-X', 'access', 'company', 'UK', 'FCA', 'Coinstelegram', 'Britain', 'present', 'chief', 'year', 'certification', 'CEO', 'founder', 'need', 'scale', 'Clearinghouses', 'strategy', 'risk', 'ErisX', 'Monday', 'Euros', 'cryptocurrencies', 'TradingView', 'BlackRock', 'past', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'CoinNewsSpan']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,bitcoinist.com
22953,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-050-3056022,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.50% By Investing.com,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.50%,© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.50%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Friday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the gained 0.50% to hit a new 52-week high  while the index gained 0.82%  and the index fell 0.21%.The best performers of the session on the were Commerzbank AG O.N. (ETR: )  which rose 5.65% or 0.55 points to trade at 10.36 at the close. Meanwhile  Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) added 4.57% or 0.44 points to end at 9.95 and Continental AG O.N. (ETR: ) was up 3.32% or 2.20 points to 68.38 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: )  which fell 1.50% or 2.75 points to trade at 180.70 at the close. MTU Aero Engines NA O.N. (ETR: ) declined 1.29% or 3.00 points to end at 228.90 and Siemens Healthineers AG (ETR: ) was down 1.26% or 0.68 points to 53.50.The top performers on the MDAX were Aroundtown Property Holdings PLC (ETR: ) which rose 6.45% to 1.36  Tag Immobilien AG (ETR: ) which was up 4.85% to settle at 7.61 and Fresenius Medical Care KGAA ST (ETR: ) which gained 3.74% to close at 42.41.The worst performers were ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) which was down 2.56% to 9.51 in late trade  Evotec AG O.N. (ETR: ) which lost 1.85% to settle at 19.13 and HelloFresh SE (ETR: ) which was down 1.73% to 24.47 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Nagarro SE (ETR: ) which rose 7.76% to 100.00  Hensoldt Ag (ETR: ) which was up 3.08% to settle at 36.16 and SMA Solar Technology AG (ETR: ) which gained 2.08% to close at 103.10.The worst performers were Software AG (ETR: ) which was down 5.22% to 19.26 in late trade  ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) which lost 2.56% to settle at 9.51 and Eckert & Ziegler AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 1.91% to 43.22 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 419 to 240 and 92 ended unchanged.Shares in ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; falling 2.56% or 0.25 to 9.51. Shares in Hensoldt Ag (ETR: ) rose to all time highs; rising 3.08% or 1.08 to 36.16. Shares in ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc (ETR: ) fell to all time lows; losing 2.56% or 0.25 to 9.51. Shares in SMA Solar Technology AG (ETR: ) rose to all time highs; gaining 2.08% or 2.10 to 103.10.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was down 4.75% to 16.63 a new 52-week low.Gold Futures for June delivery was down 1.90% or 39.00 to $2 016.30 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in May rose 0.74% or 0.61 to hit $82.77 a barrel  while the June Brent oil contract rose 0.48% or 0.41 to trade at $86.50 a barrel.EUR/USD was down 0.54% to 1.10  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.37% to 0.88.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.63% at 101.33.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.04,0.79,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Fresenius Medical Care KGAA ST', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Aroundtown Property Holdings PLC', 'SMA Solar Technology AG', 'Commerzbank AG O.N.', 'Continental AG O.N.', 'Evotec AG O.N.', 'Ziegler AG O.N.', 'June Brent oil contract', 'NA O.N.', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Siemens Healthineers AG', 'Tag Immobilien AG', 'MTU Aero Engines', 'ADTRAN Holdingsa Inc', 'new 52-week high', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Hensoldt Ag', 'Software AG', 'Crude oil', 'June delivery', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Nagarro SE', 'Rising stocks', 'time lows', 'time highs', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Friday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '0.44 points', '3.00 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'Eckert', 'implied', 'volatility', 'May', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.55', '2.', '0.68']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,investing.com
22954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businessinsider.com/lv-protests-paris-hq-bernard-arnault-ceo-wealth-record-high-2023-4,LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault's wealth soared to a record high of $210 billion on the same day protestors swarmed the company's headquarters in Paris,LVMH's share price hit a record high on Thursday after the luxury retailer posted a strong 1Q sales growth.,"LVMH boss Bernard Arnault's fortune soared by $12 billion on Thursday to a record high of $210 billion  per Bloomberg.LVMH shares hit a record high in Thursday trade after a strong first-quarter earnings report.Demonstrators protesting the French government's pension reforms stormed LVMH's HQ on the same day.Top editors give you the stories you want — delivered right to your inbox each weekday. Loading Something is loading. Thanks for signing up! Access your favorite topics in a personalized feed while you're on the go. download the app Email address By clicking ‘Sign up’  you agree to receive marketing emails from Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyOn the day that protestors swarmed LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton's  or LVMH's  headquarters in Paris  Bernard Arnault  the company's boss  saw his fortune surge by $12 billion to a record high of $210 billion  according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.Arnault — the world's richest person — derives his wealth from a 97.5% stake in Christian Dior holding company that controls 41.4% of LVMH — which owns fashion brands including Louis Vuitton  Tiffany & Co.  and TAG Heuer. On Thursday  LVMH shares price on the Euronext Paris stock exchange hit a record high of 884.50 euros  or $979  before closing 5.7% higher at 883.90 euros a piece. The stock is up nearly 35% so far this year.He is ahead of Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos  who are in the second and third spots with $180 billion and $126 billion  respectively. The French tycoon's net worth climbed above $200 billion for the first time ever on April 4  making him the third person ever — after Musk and Bezos — to reach that milestone. Arnault  the chairman and CEO of LVMH  is also the first person outside the US to surpass this level of wealth.However  the positivity surrounding LVMH's share price was marred when demonstrators protesting the French government's pension reforms stormed the LVMH headquarters. Photos show protestors entering the building  although they stayed just briefly  according to various media reports.""If you're looking for money to finance pensions  take it from the pockets of billionaires "" Fabien Villedieu  a union leader for Sud-Rail  told Reuters. He further told the news agency the protest was ""symbolic and peaceful.""LVMH's Arnault has featured frequently in protest slogans and chants  per Reuters on Thursday.The retail magnate's net worth doubling since the beginning of 2020 amid strong demand for luxury goods as consumers splurged on designer handbags and watches during pandemic lockdowns.Arnault's wealth is getting a further boost now after Chinese consumers have reemerged from China's three-year-long on-off COVID-19 lockdowns. On Wednesday  LVMH reported revenue growth of 17% to 21 billion euros in the first quarter of 2023 as sales increased across all geographic regions  according to a company presentation. In particular  Asia excluding Japan was ""seeing good rebound.""LVMH shares are extending gains on Friday  trading 0.7% higher at 889.90 euros at 9:57 a.m. in Paris.LVMH did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment sent outside regular business hours.",neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.38,0.1,0.51,True,English,"['LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault', 'record high', 'same day', 'wealth', 'protestors', 'company', 'headquarters', 'Paris', 'LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton', 'strong first-quarter earnings report', 'Amazon founder Jeff Bezos', 'Christian Dior holding company', 'Tesla CEO Elon Musk', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'LVMH boss Bernard Arnault', 'app Email address', 'other partner offers', 'various media reports', 'regular business hours', 'Bloomberg Billionaires Index', 'LVMH shares price', 'strong demand', 'share price', 'company presentation', 'French government', 'pension reforms', 'Top editors', 'favorite topics', 'personalized feed', 'marketing emails', 'Privacy Policy', 'richest person', 'fashion brands', 'TAG Heuer', 'third spots', 'French tycoon', 'first time', 'first person', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'union leader', 'news agency', 'retail magnate', 'luxury goods', 'designer handbags', 'pandemic lockdowns', 'COVID-19 lockdowns', 'revenue growth', 'first quarter', 'geographic regions', 'good rebound', 'record high', 'same day', 'protest slogans', 'Chinese consumers', 'LVMH headquarters', 'Thursday trade', '21 billion euros', '884.50 euros', '883.90 euros', '889.90 euros', 'fortune', 'Demonstrators', 'HQ', 'stories', 'inbox', 'Something', 'Insider', 'Terms', 'Service', 'protestors', 'world', 'wealth', '97.5% stake', 'Tiffany', 'Co.', 'piece', 'second', 'net', 'April', 'milestone', 'chairman', 'level', 'positivity', 'Photos', 'building', 'money', 'pensions', 'pockets', 'Sud-Rail', 'Reuters', 'chants', 'beginning', 'watches', 'boost', 'China', 'Wednesday', 'sales', 'Asia', 'Japan', 'gains', 'Friday', 'request', 'comment', '9:57']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,businessinsider.com
22955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-invites-shareholders-ordinary-general-043000763.html,EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023,Publication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB...,Publication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 16  2023  at 11 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.60 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2022);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 42 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2022;Board mandates: The renewal of the mandate of Accompany You SRL  represented by Mrs. Anne Cambier  as independent Director; The appointment of InnoVision BV  represented by Mr. Serge Van Herck  as Director; and The appointment of FRINSO SRL  represented by Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli  as independent Director.Updates to the Remuneration policyAn Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve:The proposal to authorize the Board of Directors to increase the capital within the framework of the authorized capital procedure as per the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; andThe issuance of subscription rights (warrants).The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 16  2023 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports.Story continuesFor more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS' management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.06,0.63,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'EVS', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'Mr. Serge Van Herck', '13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports images', 'live video production systems', 'live video technology', 'Mrs. Anne Cambier', 'Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new technologies', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVS BB', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'Liège', 'usual topics', 'sustainability reports', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', '42 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', 'effective services', 'InnoVision BV', 'Remuneration policy', 'same day', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'subscription rights', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', ""EVS' management"", 'market requirements', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'news content', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'technical support', 'independent Director', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'capital procedure', 'market share', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'FRINSO SRL', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', '2022 annual', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'renewal', 'Accompany', 'appointment', 'Updates', '12 am', 'proposal', 'framework', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings', 'Story', 'CFO', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'sales', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-atlas-170000385.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company...,"Oxurion NVRegulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 12  2023 from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 11  2023  it held 26 728 439 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.13,0.58,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information Leuven', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'new information', 'voting securities', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 632,659,186 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '26,728,439 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'April', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-management-increase-share-ownership-183700515.html,VEON management to increase share ownership,VEON management to increase share ownership Amsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides...,VEON Ltd.VEON management to increase share ownershipAmsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces an increase in management’s ownership of company shares. This follows the completion of management share awards as a part of the Group’s incentive programs that were announced in February 2022.The share awards  detailed in the table below  were granted as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan  which was detailed in our press release dated 28 February 2022. The Deferred Share Grant  which represents 50% of the Short-Term Incentive (“STI”) scheme  relates to the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and is deferred into shares under the Deferred Share Grant rules. The shares will vest in American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) over a period of two years from 15 March 2023.The Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”) 2023 share grant is awarded in relation to the three-year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The vesting of these shares is linked to the relative TSR performance to VEON’s peer group.The LTI award represents a further step in aligning the executive team’s remuneration with the successful implementation of our digital operator strategy and long-term value creation for our shareholders.With this share transfer  five members of VEON’s Group Executive Committee were granted a total of 154 876 shares within the scope of STI plans and 643 286 shares as a part of LTI plans.ADS  # STI 2022 delivered in share grants LTI 2023 award Kaan Terzioglu 65 761 306 852 Serkan Okandan 45 251 23 461 Michael Schulz 19 728 92 051 Joop Brakenhoff 18 855 123 169 Matthieu Galvani 5 281 97 753 TOTAL 154 876 643 286About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.Story continuesFor more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.29,0.39,True,English,"['VEON management', 'share ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Deferred Share Grant rules', 'The Deferred Share Grant', 'Deferred Share Plan', 'global digital operator', 'relative TSR performance', 'digital operator strategy', 'long-term value creation', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'The Long-Term Incentive', 'Group Executive Committee', 'The LTI award', 'American Depositary Shares', 'management share awards', 'peer group', 'share transfer', 'share grants', 'executive team', 'LTI 2023 award', 'incentive programs', 'Short-Term Incentive', 'share ownership', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'two years', 'successful implementation', 'five members', 'LTI plans', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Serkan Okandan', 'Michael Schulz', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Matthieu Galvani', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'Nik Kershaw', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON management', 'company shares', 'three-year period', 'STI plans', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '154,876 shares', '643,286 shares', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'increase', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'table', 'scheme', '1 January', '31 December', 'ADS', '15 March', 'vesting', 'step', 'remuneration', 'shareholders', 'total', 'scope', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-061500186.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert...,"BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 39 106 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 6 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 288 40.36 41.10 39.94 415 224 MTF CBOE 7 223 40.39 41.14 40.00 291 737 MTF Turquoise 1 098 40.43 41.22 40.24 44 392 MTF Aquis 2 484 40.43 41.08 40.24 100 428 7 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 10 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 11 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 145 40.45 40.78 40.18 208 115 MTF CBOE 3 642 40.44 40.64 40.18 147 282 MTF Turquoise 836 40.41 40.74 40.22 33 783 MTF Aquis 1 872 40.42 40.82 40.22 75 666 12 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 225 40.43 40.58 40.22 130 387 MTF CBOE 2 298 40.44 40.52 40.26 92 931 MTF Turquoise 269 40.45 40.54 40.36 10 881 MTF Aquis 726 40.43 40.58 40.24 29 352 Total 39 106 40.41 41.22 39.94 1 580 178Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 170 shares during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 2 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.Story continuesThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 2 000 40.24 40.50 40.00 80 480 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 12 April 2023 170 40.20 40.20 40.20 6 834 Total 2 170 87 314Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 800 40.90 41.00 40.80 32 720 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 1 200 40.60 40.80 40.50 48 720 12 April 2023 400 40.60 40.60 40.60 16 240 Total 2 400 97 680The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 652 shares.On 12 April 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 895 199 own shares  or 5.08% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '39 106 shares', '2 170 shares', '2 400 shares', '42 652 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '6 April', '12 April', '1 March', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '10 April', '11 April', '2 September', 'Story', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '895 199']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcphy-energy-monthly-report-relating-160000290.html,McPhy Energy: Monthly report relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (as of March 31  2023),Translation for information purposes only Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with...,"MCPHY ENERGY SATranslation for information purposes onlyMonthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company (société anonyme) with Board of DirectorsRegistered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment B (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.03.2023 27 959 095 29 257 135 28 090 708* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyStory continuesAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'report', 'March', 'des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'industrial raw material supply', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'broad commercial coverage', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'société anonyme', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', 'Reporting company', 'energy transition', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'turnkey solutions', 'ISIN code', 'hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'hydrogen equipment', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Registered office', 'Gross Net', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', 'information purposes', 'T.', 'Translation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'McPhyEnergy', 'Story', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-050507327.html,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse...,"FILE PHOTO: Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in FrankfurtBy Danilo Masoni and Samuel IndykMILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Story continuesAverage daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman)",neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.17,0.13,0.7,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'German stock exchange', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'defensive utility-like features', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', 'European exchange stocks', 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'Average daily value', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'bourse operators', 'bank turmoil', 'defensive qualities', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', '5-year average', 'equity volatility', 'bear symbols', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'spike in', 'Credit Suisse', 'modest valuations', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'fixed-income volatility', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Thomson Reuters', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'Flow Traders', 'bond volatility', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', 'PHOTO', 'Bull', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'MILAN/LONDON', 'downfall', 'investors', 'exchanges', 'September', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'month', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '14 times', '22 times', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-deferral-conversions-160000317.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield: Deferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting,Paris  Amsterdam  April 14  2023 Press release Deferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual...,"Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  April 14  2023Press releaseDeferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General MeetingUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (""URW"") announces that May 3  2023 (7:00pm  Australian Eastern Standard Time) will be the record date for the purpose of determining the entitlement of CHESS Depositary Interest (""CDI"") holders to give voting instructions for the Annual General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE (""URW SE"") to be held on May 11  2023.URW SE has sought and been granted from the Australian Securities Exchange (""ASX"") waivers to allow URW to defer  and not to process conversions between its stapled share and CDI registers  during the period commencing April 28  2023 and ending May 9  2023  inclusive (being the voting entitlement record date for URW SE shareholders).Therefore  there will be a deferral and no processing of conversions between URW's stapled share and CDI registers during the period described above.The waivers are intended to prevent the potential for votes to be cast twice in respect of the same URW SE ordinary shares as a result of the record date for determining entitlements to vote at the 2023 Annual General Meeting for CDI holders being different to and earlier than the record date for determining the entitlements of URW SE shareholders.For further information please contact:Investor RelationsAlex EstruchVP  Chief of Staff to the CEO+1 424 303 1948Alex.Estruch@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global :Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance :Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States :Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.Story continuesThe Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting', 'stapled shares', 'Deferral', 'conversions', 'CDIs', 'respect', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'same URW SE ordinary shares', '2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting', 'Australian Eastern Standard Time', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'voting entitlement record date', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'CHESS Depositary Interest', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'urban regeneration projects', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'positive environmental, social', '€3 Bn development pipeline', 'URW SE shareholders', 'mixed-use assets', 'stapled shares', 'voting instructions', 'high-quality offices', 'Standard & Poor', 'mixed-use development', 'Press release', 'Investor Relations', 'Alex Estruch', 'Alex.Estruch', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', 'Kekst CNC', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', '€52 Bn portfolio', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Baa2 rating', 'CDI registers', 'dynamic cities', 'The Group', 'major cities', 'ASX"") waivers', '78 shopping centres', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'CDI holders', 'Molly Morse', 'April', 'Deferral', 'conversions', 'CDIs', 'respect', 'May', '00pm', 'purpose', 'period', 'processing', 'potential', 'votes', 'result', 'entitlements', 'information', 'VP', 'Chief', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'kekstcnc', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', 'Story', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Moody', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-declaration-number-073900491.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 14  2023 Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023 Dassault...,Dassault Systemes SEPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 14  2023Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of March 31  2023Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 335 398 213Number of voting rights*: 2 001 654 368*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens.Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comStory continuesDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.27,0.08,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'March', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systemes SE Press Release', 'des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'companies registry', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'real world', 'other countries', 'total number', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'April', 'Declaration', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Story', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bouygues-bouygues-confiance-n-12-060000255.html,BOUYGUES: BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN,BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN Bouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan  “Bouygues Confiance n°12”...,BOUYGUESBOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLANBouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan  “Bouygues Confiance n°12”. The plan involves a capital increase of a maximum of €150 million (inclusive of share premium) reserved for employees of French companies belonging to the Group  to be effected via a dedicated mutual fund (“FCPE”)  the units in which are subject to a lock-up period of five years except where early release is allowed under the law. The effect will be the issuance of a maximum of 6 845 564 new Bouygues shares at a subscription price of €21.912. The FCPE will exercise the voting rights attached to the newly issued shares.In accordance with provisions of the French Labour Code  the subscription price is equal to 70% of the average opening quoted market prices of the share on the twenty trading days preceding the date of the decision setting the opening date of the subscription period. The subscription period will run from 26 May to 12 June 2023 inclusive.The new shares to be issued will rank for dividend from 1 January 2023. They will be admitted for trading on the Euronext Paris market (on the same quotation line as existing Bouygues shares) as soon as possible after completion of the capital increase  which is scheduled for 27 June 2023. As a reminder  8 045 000 shares were cancelled in 2022  notably  in anticipation of this transaction.This plan gives Bouygues employees  including those of the recently integrated French entities belonging to Equans  a stake in the Group’s development and performance over the long term  and demonstrates yet again the proactive approach to employee share ownership which is a core component of the Group’s culture and values.ABOUT BOUYGUESBouygues is a diversified services group operating in over 80 countries with 196 000 employees all working to make life better every day. Its business activities in construction (Bouygues Construction Bouygues Immobilier  Colas)  energies and services (Equans) media (TF1) and telecoms (Bouygues Telecom) are able to drive growth since they all satisfy constantly changing and essential needs.Story continuesPRESS CONTACT:presse@bouygues.com • Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 20 12 01BOUYGUES SA • 32 avenue Hoche • 75378 Paris CEDEX 08 • bouygues.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.16,0.52,True,English,"['BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE', 'PLAN', 'new leveraged employee share ownership plan', 'average opening quoted market prices', 'EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN Bouygues', 'Euronext Paris market', 'dedicated mutual fund', 'same quotation line', 'French Labour Code', 'twenty trading days', '6,845,564 new Bouygues shares', 'existing Bouygues shares', 'diversified services group', 'new shares', 'share premium', 'opening date', 'Paris CEDEX', 'French companies', 'French entities', 'BOUYGUES CONFIANCE', 'Bouygues Immobilier', 'Bouygues Telecom', 'BOUYGUES SA', 'capital increase', 'lock-up period', 'five years', 'early release', 'subscription price', 'voting rights', 'subscription period', 'long term', 'proactive approach', 'core component', 'business activities', 'essential needs', 'PRESS CONTACT', '32 avenue Hoche', 'Bouygues Construction', 'The FCPE', 'Equans) media', 'Bouygues employees', '8,045,000 shares', '196,000 employees', 'maximum', 'units', 'law', 'effect', 'issuance', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'decision', '26 May', '12 June', '1 January', 'completion', '27 June', 'reminder', 'anticipation', 'transaction', 'stake', 'development', 'performance', 'culture', 'values', '80 countries', 'life', 'Colas', 'energies', 'TF', 'telecoms', 'growth', 'Story', 'presse', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '1 44']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-orange-announces-results-090200251.html,Press release : Orange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes,Press release Paris  14 April 2023 Not for distribution in the United States of America Orange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding...,OrangePress releaseParis  14 April 2023Not for distribution in the United States of AmericaOrange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notesOrange announces today the results of the tender offer launched on 5 April 2023 (the “Tender Offer”) in relation to its €1 000 000 000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes with first call date on 7 February 2024 (ISIN XS1028599287) (the “Notes”).The aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase is €801 657 000. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding after settlement date  which is expected to be 18 April 2023  will be €198 343 000.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan « Lead the future »  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. « Lead the future » capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com/   and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr .Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact:Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Story continuesCAUTION: NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATESThis press release  of a purely informative nature  is not and cannot in any way be construed as an offering to sell any securities  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy securities  in any jurisdiction  including the United States  Japan  Australia  Canada and the United Kingdom. The securities mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933  as modified. They cannot be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. No public offer of these securities has been or will be made in the United States or elsewhere.Attachment,neutral,0.27,0.73,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.24,0.63,True,English,"['outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', 'Press release', 'tender offer', 'Orange', 'results', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', '1,000,000,000 Undated 10 Year Non', 'aggregate principal amount', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '242 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'first call date', 'US Securities Act', '287 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'settlement date', 'leading provider', 'Orange Business', 'Press release', 'United States', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Tom Wright', 'informative nature', 'United Kingdom', 'tender offer', 'Rate Notes', 'public offer', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', '14 April', 'distribution', 'America', 'results', '5 April', 'relation', '7 February', 'ISIN', 'purchase', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'symbol', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Story', 'CAUTION', 'way', 'offering', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'registration', 'exemption', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-Group-plans-to-migrate-listing-to-Euronext-Growth-market-43490949/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,DGB N : Group plans to migrate listing to Euronext Growth market,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  plans to migrate its listing from Euronext Amsterdam to a Euronext Growth Market.   Due to the unavailability of a suitable Pubic Interest Entity …,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB""  ""the Group"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext: DGB: NL000916951)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  plans to migrate its listing from Euronext Amsterdam to a Euronext Growth Market.Due to the unavailability of a suitable Pubic Interest Entity audit firm in the Netherlands (""PIE audit firm"")  DGB could not comply with Euronext Amsterdam's Rule 61003/2  which requires audited annual reports. On 13 April 2021  Euronext Amsterdam implemented a new rule  essentially meaning that companies without a PIE audit firm face delisting. On 13 April 2023  DGB received a letter from Euronext officially stating that the Company is not compliant. If non-compliance continues after 27 April 2023  Euronext will ask the Euronext Listing Board to begin the delisting process.To address these issues  the Board of Directors presents a restructuring plan that includes migration to a Euronext Growth Market. DGB has already finalized the first steps of the restructuring plan and informed shareholders about this on 27 March 2023 (link to press release).On 26 May 2023  DGB will present its plan and the next steps to shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM). The presentation and EGM materials are available on DGB's website www.green.earth.DGB will keep its shareholders informed and provide updates on any significant developments regarding this matter as they occur.Links:Contact details:DGB GROUP NVpress@dgb.earth+31108080126DGB is a project developer of high-quality  large-scale carbon and biodiversity projects accredited by third parties. The Group is focused on nature conservation and helping biodiversity flourish by assisting governments and corporations in achieving net zero. Global megatrends drive the demand for carbon credits and underpin growth opportunities. DGB GROUP NV is a public company traded on the main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol AEX:DGB and ISIN-code NL0009169515. www.green.earthDisclaimer:This press release does not contain an (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe to shares in DGB and is not an advice or recommendation to take or refrain from taking any action. This press release contains statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements  including about the financial position of DGB  the results it achieved and the business(es) it runs. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and forecasts and estimates made by DGB's management. Although DGB believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that may lead to or contribute to differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  tax  regulation  stock market price fluctuations  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive relationships and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of DGB are discussed in the annual report. The forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation  DGB assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether related to new information  future events or otherwise.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.21,0.66,True,English,"['Euronext Growth market', 'DGB N', 'Group', 'listing', 'suitable Pubic Interest Entity audit firm', 'main Dutch stock exchange', 'stock market price fluctuations', 'leading carbon project developer', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'PIE audit firm', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'high-quality, large-scale carbon', 'general economic conditions', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'Euronext Listing Board', 'carbon credits', 'growth opportunities', 'The Group', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'annual reports', 'first steps', 'press release', 'next steps', 'Contact details', 'third parties', 'nature conservation', 'net zero', 'Global megatrends', 'ticker symbol', 'financial position', 'business(es', 'historical facts', 'reasonable assumptions', 'current expectations', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory investigations', 'competitive relationships', 'forward-looking statement', 'future events', 'public company', 'restructuring plan', 'ultimate results', 'actual results', 'new rule', 'delisting process', 'EGM materials', 'significant developments', 'biodiversity projects', 'looking statements', 'other factors', 'legal obligation', 'new information', 'AEX:DGB', 'unavailability', 'Netherlands', '13 April', 'companies', 'letter', 'compliance', '27 April', 'issues', 'Directors', 'migration', 'shareholders', '27 March', 'link', '26 May', 'presentation', 'website', 'earth', 'updates', 'matter', 'governments', 'corporations', 'demand', 'ISIN-code', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'offer', 'shares', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'action', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'management', 'differences', 'legislation', 'technology', 'tax', 'regulation', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/weekly-report-april-7-13-175800231.html,Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “...,STELLANTIS N.VWeekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 7 up to and including April 13  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 11.04.2023 155 000 € 16 6411 € 2 579 371 MILE 12.04.2023 225 000 € 16 9042 € 3 803 445 MILE 13.04.2023 225 000 € 16 8470 € 3 790 575 MILE Total 605 000 € 16 8155 € 10 173 391Since March 17  2023 up to and including April 13  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 2 578 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 42 330 853.As of April 13  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 71 704 284 common shares equal to 2.23% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.16,0.57,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'STELLANTIS N.V Weekly Report', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', '2,578,740 common shares', '704,284 common shares', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'First Tranche', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'adequate financing', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'total consideration', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Story', 'fernao', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding', 'access']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-availability-2022-universal-registration-153000440.html,WENDEL: Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,2022 Universal Registration Document Wendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French Financial...,WENDEL2022 Universal Registration DocumentWendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on Friday  April 14  2023. It is available  in French  to the public pursuant to the regulations in force.It includes:the 2022 annual financial report the Supervisory Board’s report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors’ reports information regarding the fees paid in 2022 to the Statutory Auditors required information regarding the share buyback program the social  societal and environmental information constituting the statement of extra-financial performance.This document may be viewed under “Regulated information” and “Shareholders’ Meetings” in the “Investors” section of Wendel’s website (www.wendelgroup.com/en) as well as on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). It will also be available at the Company's head office  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris – France.An English version of the Universal Registration Document will be available on Wendel’s website no later thanApril 21  2023.Shareholders’ Meeting as of June 15  2023Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday June 15  2023  at 2:30 p.m. (Paris time) at the Verso Conference Center  located at 52 rue de la Victoire  75009 Paris.Agenda04.27.2023Q1 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (post-market release)06.15.2023Shareholders’ Meeting07.27.2023H1 2023 results — Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)10.26.2023Q3 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (post-market release)12.07.20232023 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Story continuesWendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook – Short-term: P-2 since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade Pirzadeh : + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot : +33 1 42 85 63 73c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux : +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch : +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse : +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt : +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.comKekst CNCTodd Fogarty: + 1 212 521 4854todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.17,0.12,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'WENDEL', 'Availability', 'Grand Mécène', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'leading listed investment firms', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'share buyback program', 'Verso Conference Center', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', '2022 annual financial report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'long-term development strategies', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'social, societal', 'extra-financial performance', 'Investors” section', 'head office', 'English version', 'la Victoire', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Olivier Allot', 'Lucile Roch', 'Olivier Labesse', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'Kekst CNC', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'portfolio companies', 'required information', 'environmental information', 'Regulated information', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Todd Fogarty', 'Thursday June', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', '52 rue', '75008 Paris', '75009 Paris', 'AMF', 'Friday', 'April', 'public', 'regulations', 'force', 'fees', 'website', 'wendelgroup', 'Company', '2-4', 'France', 'Agenda', 'NAV', 'March', 'post', 'September', 'Europe', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Story', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'Twitter', 'Analyst', 'Primatice', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment', '2:30', '6']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnh-industrial-announces-voting-results-140000414.html,CNH Industrial announces voting results of Annual General Meeting and publishes 2022 Sustainability Report,London  April 14  2023 Today  the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS Annual...,CNH Industrial N.V.London  April 14  2023Today  the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report (including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Separate Financial Statements of CNH Industrial N.V.) and a dividend of €0.36 per common share (equivalent to a total distribution of approximately €483 million)  and the AGM positively advised on the application of the Remuneration Policy in 2022.Suzanne Heywood and Scott W. Wine were appointed as executive directors. Elizabeth Bastoni  Howard W. Buffett  Richard J. Kramer  Karen Linehan  Alessandro Nasi  Vagn Sørensen and Åsa Tamsons were appointed as non-executive directors. In addition  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was appointed as independent auditor for the 2024 financial year.Details of all matters approved today by the AGM are available on the Company's website (www.cnhindustrial.com).***The dividend will be paid on May 3  2023. The outstanding common shares will be quoted ex-dividend from April 24  2023  and the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023 on both Euronext Milan and the NYSE. Shareholders holding the Company’s common shares that on the record date are traded on the NYSE will receive the dividend in U.S. dollars at the official USD/EUR exchange rate of April 20  2023 reported by the European Central Bank.***Concurrently with the AGM  the Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report. This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the main international frameworks for sustainability reporting. It includes the previous sustainability priorities  related strategic targets and the main results achieved by CNH IndustrialTo consult the Report online  visit: bit.ly/CNHISustainabilityReport22CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions.Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 40 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.Story continuesFor more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CNH Industrial', 'voting results', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', '2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Scott W. Wine', 'Howard W. Buffett', 'Richard J. Kramer', 'Vagn Sørensen', 'U.S. dollars', 'USD/EUR exchange rate', 'European Central Bank', 'R&D capabilities', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'main international frameworks', 'previous sustainability priorities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'outstanding common shares', 'GRI Standards', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '2024 financial year', 'main results', 'latest financial', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'sustainability reporting', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'sustainability reports', 'total distribution', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'executive directors', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'Karen Linehan', 'Alessandro Nasi', 'Åsa Tamsons', 'independent auditor', 'record date', 'Euronext Milan', 'Core Option', 'strategic targets', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '40,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Media Relations', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'services company', 'The Company', 'Investor Relations', 'global company', 'London', 'April', 'AGM', 'CNHI', 'addition', 'Details', 'matters', 'website', 'May', 'dividend', 'NYSE', 'Shareholders', 'official', 'accordance', 'SASB', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEOJUNXION-N-V-6350/news/GeoJunxion-GOJXN-AS-received-the-Euronext-notification-regarding-lack-of-audited-annual-accounts-43497239/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) received the Euronext notification regarding lack of audited annual accounts,(marketscreener.com) Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands – 14 April 2023 – GeoJunxion received the Euronext notification about the expiration of the 24 months period in regards of the lack of audited accounts. GeoJunxion received the notification from Eur…,Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands – 14 April 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) received the Euronext notification about the expiration of the 24 months period in regards of the lack of audited accounts.GeoJunxion received the notification from Euronext about the completion of the 24 months period  during which the Company was required to comply with Euronext rulebook  in regards of publishing OOB audited accounts. We regret the position Euronext is taking towards GeoJunxion.GeoJunxion has been growing its business significantly over the course of the last three financial years. We reported extensively all our financial and business results on a quarterly basis. We have timely completed and submitted all our annual financial reporting requirements.We have made every possible effort to get an OOB accountant and have our financials audited.However  all six OOB certified Accountants have chosen not to serve the Company.In parallel to using our rights to object to the intended decision from Euronext  we are actively working to find alternative solutions  exploring various possible paths  with the intent to secure a solid future for the Company  in the best interest of all stakeholders involved.--END--About GeoJunxionGeoJunxion is the crossroads where fundamental  location-aware content connects with superior  customised intelligence and highly focused innovations to empower exceptional experiences. With an emphasis on safety and sustainability  we are constantly expanding our portfolio to meet the demands of a diverse and fast-evolving market. Building on decades of experience in mapping  the company focuses on high value  dynamic content and building environmentally conscious applications  which enrich safety in everyday life. With location-aware content at our core  we know where our strengths lie and have the know-how and technology needed to offer unrivalled  intelligent products and services.GeoJunxion NV is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam  under the symbol GOJXN.ASGeoJunxion Press ContactTel: +31 (0)10 885 1200Email: info@geojunxion.comThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['GOJXN.AS', 'Euronext notification', 'annual accounts', 'GeoJunxion', 'lack', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'last three financial years', 'annual financial reporting requirements', 'six OOB certified Accountants', 'high value, dynamic content', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'superior, customised intelligence', 'environmentally conscious applications', 'unrivalled, intelligent products', 'various possible paths', 'fundamental, location-aware content', 'OOB audited accounts', 'GeoJunxion Press Contact', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'OOB accountant', 'fast-evolving market', 'regulated market', 'possible effort', 'The Netherlands', 'GOJXN.AS', '24 months period', 'quarterly basis', 'alternative solutions', 'solid future', 'best interest', 'focused innovations', 'exceptional experiences', 'everyday life', 'public announcement', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'Euronext rulebook', 'business results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext notification', '14 April', 'expiration', 'regards', 'lack', 'completion', 'Company', 'position', 'course', 'financials', 'parallel', 'rights', 'decision', 'intent', 'stakeholders', 'crossroads', 'emphasis', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'demands', 'diverse', 'decades', 'mapping', 'core', 'strengths', 'know-how', 'technology', 'services', 'symbol', 'Email', 'article', 'paragraph', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', '31']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647293/0/en/Announcement-concerning-large-shareholders-under-the-Danish-Capital-Markets-Act.html,Announcement concerning large shareholders under the Danish Capital Markets Act,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders  Date    14 April 2023    Announcement concerning large shareholders...,English DanishNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 14 April 2023Announcement concerning large shareholders under the Danish Capital Markets ActATP  Hillerød  Denmark has today notified Ringkjøbing Landbobank  that ATP’s ownership interest has been reduced to 4.94% of the share capital in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S.Yours faithfullyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Danish Capital Markets Act', 'large shareholders', 'Announcement', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'Danish Capital Markets Act', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S.', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'English Danish', 'share capital', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'large shareholders', 'Hillerød', 'ownership interest', 'April', 'Announcement', 'ATP', 'Denmark']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646790/0/en/EVS-INVITES-ITS-SHAREHOLDERS-TO-THE-ORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-AND-AN-EXTRAORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-ON-MAY-16-2023.html,EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023,Publication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),English FrenchPublication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 16  2023  at 11 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.60 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2022);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 42 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2022;Board mandates: The renewal of the mandate of Accompany You SRL  represented by Mrs. Anne Cambier  as independent Director; The appointment of InnoVision BV  represented by Mr. Serge Van Herck  as Director; and The appointment of FRINSO SRL  represented by Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli  as independent Director.Updates to the Remuneration policyAn Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve:The proposal to authorize the Board of Directors to increase the capital within the framework of the authorized capital procedure as per the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; andThe issuance of subscription rights (warrants).The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 16  2023 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS' management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.11,0.7,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'EVS', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'Mr. Serge Van Herck', '13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports images', 'live video production systems', 'live video technology', 'Mrs. Anne Cambier', 'Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new technologies', 'English French', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'Liège', 'usual topics', 'sustainability reports', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', '42 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', 'effective services', 'InnoVision BV', 'Remuneration policy', 'same day', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'subscription rights', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', ""EVS' management"", 'market requirements', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'news content', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'technical support', 'independent Director', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'capital procedure', 'market share', 'unanticipated events', 'FRINSO SRL', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'information', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', '2022 annual', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'renewal', 'Accompany', 'appointment', 'Updates', '12 am', 'proposal', 'framework', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings', 'CFO', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'sales', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647234/0/en/GeoJunxion-GOJXN-AS-received-the-Euronext-notification-regarding-lack-of-audited-annual-accounts.html,GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) received the Euronext notification regarding lack of audited annual accounts,Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands – 14 April 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) received the Euronext notification about the expiration of the 24 months period in regards of the lack of audited accounts.,English DutchCapelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands – 14 April 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) received the Euronext notification about the expiration of the 24 months period in regards of the lack of audited accounts.GeoJunxion received the notification from Euronext about the completion of the 24 months period  during which the Company was required to comply with Euronext rulebook  in regards of publishing OOB audited accounts. We regret the position Euronext is taking towards GeoJunxion.GeoJunxion has been growing its business significantly over the course of the last three financial years. We reported extensively all our financial and business results on a quarterly basis. We have timely completed and submitted all our annual financial reporting requirements.We have made every possible effort to get an OOB accountant and have our financials audited.However  all six OOB certified Accountants have chosen not to serve the Company.In parallel to using our rights to object to the intended decision from Euronext  we are actively working to find alternative solutions  exploring various possible paths  with the intent to secure a solid future for the Company  in the best interest of all stakeholders involved.--END--About GeoJunxionGeoJunxion is the crossroads where fundamental  location-aware content connects with superior  customised intelligence and highly focused innovations to empower exceptional experiences. With an emphasis on safety and sustainability  we are constantly expanding our portfolio to meet the demands of a diverse and fast-evolving market. Building on decades of experience in mapping  the company focuses on high value  dynamic content and building environmentally conscious applications  which enrich safety in everyday life. With location-aware content at our core  we know where our strengths lie and have the know-how and technology needed to offer unrivalled  intelligent products and services.GeoJunxion NV is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam  under the symbol GOJXN.ASGeoJunxion Press ContactTel: +31 (0)10 885 1200Email: info@geojunxion.comThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['GOJXN.AS', 'Euronext notification', 'annual accounts', 'GeoJunxion', 'lack', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'last three financial years', 'annual financial reporting requirements', 'six OOB certified Accountants', 'high value, dynamic content', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'superior, customised intelligence', 'environmentally conscious applications', 'unrivalled, intelligent products', 'various possible paths', 'fundamental, location-aware content', 'OOB audited accounts', 'GeoJunxion Press Contact', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'OOB accountant', 'fast-evolving market', 'regulated market', 'possible effort', 'English Dutch', 'The Netherlands', 'GOJXN.AS', '24 months period', 'quarterly basis', 'alternative solutions', 'solid future', 'best interest', 'focused innovations', 'exceptional experiences', 'everyday life', 'public announcement', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'Euronext rulebook', 'business results', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext notification', '14 April', 'expiration', 'regards', 'lack', 'completion', 'Company', 'position', 'course', 'financials', 'parallel', 'rights', 'decision', 'intent', 'stakeholders', 'crossroads', 'emphasis', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'demands', 'diverse', 'decades', 'mapping', 'core', 'strengths', 'know-how', 'technology', 'services', 'symbol', 'Email', 'article', 'paragraph', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', '31']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-DGB-Group-plans-to-migrate-listing-to-Euronext-Growth-market-43491811/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,DGB N : DGB Group plans to migrate listing to Euronext Growth market,(marketscreener.com) DGB Group N.V.   DGB Group N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date14 apr 2023 - 04:21   Statu…,(marketscreener.com) DGB Group N.V.   DGB Group N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date14 apr 2023 - 04:21   Statu…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth market', 'DGB N', 'DGB Group', 'listing', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'register publication', 'Registration date14', 'inside information', 'organisation', 'Statu']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000469.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8386 £ 23.7016 Estimated MTD return 0.73 % 0.78 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.97 % Estimated ITD return 168.39 % 137.02 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9255 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4901The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.18,0.69,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000192.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8386 £ 23.7016 Estimated MTD return 0.73 % 0.78 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.97 % Estimated ITD return 168.39 % 137.02 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9255 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4901The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.18,0.69,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALUMEXX-N-V-35033270/news/Alumexx-N-Alumexx-N-V-ldquo-Alumexx-rdquo-maakt-bezwaar-tegen-voorgenomen-de-listing-door-Eur-43492861/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Alumexx N : Alumexx N.V. (“Alumexx”) maakt bezwaar tegen voorgenomen de-listing door Euronext Amsterdam aan de effectenbeurs aldaar,(marketscreener.com) Alumexx N.V.   Alumexx N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date14 apr 2023 - 10:43   Statutory…,(marketscreener.com) Alumexx N.V.   Alumexx N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date14 apr 2023 - 10:43   Statutory…,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['listing door Euronext Amsterdam', 'Alumexx N.V.', 'bezwaar', 'voorgenomen', 'effectenbeurs', 'Alumexx N.V.', 'register publication', 'Registration date14', 'inside information', 'organisation', 'Statutory']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RINGKJOBING-LANDBOBANK-A-35018541/news/Announcement-concerning-large-shareholders-under-the-Danish-Capital-Markets-Act-43497879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Announcement concerning large shareholders under the Danish Capital Markets Act,(marketscreener.com) Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders Date    14 April 2023 Announcement concerning large shareholders under the Danish Capital Markets Act ATP  Hillerød  Denmark has today notified Ringkjøbing La…,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 14 April 2023Announcement concerning large shareholders under the Danish Capital Markets ActATP  Hillerød  Denmark has today notified Ringkjøbing Landbobank  that ATP’s ownership interest has been reduced to 4.94% of the share capital in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S.Yours faithfullyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Danish Capital Markets Act', 'large shareholders', 'Announcement', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'Danish Capital Markets Act', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S.', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'share capital', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'large shareholders', 'Hillerød', 'ownership interest', 'April', 'Announcement', 'ATP', 'Denmark']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-Publication-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43497211/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,JCDecaux : Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document Paris  April 14th  2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces the publication of its 2022 Universal Registration Document. This Universal Re…,Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration DocumentParis  April 14th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces the publication of its 2022 Universal Registration Document.This Universal Registration Document was filed today with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers - AMF).This Universal Registration Document includes the following documents:the 2022 annual financial reportthe report of the Supervisory Board on corporate governancethe description of the share buyback programthe declaration of extra-financial performanceIt is made available to the public free of charge in accordance with the applicable regulations and can be accessed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.jcdecaux.com/investors/regulated-information.Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'JCDecaux', 'Publication', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'share buyback program', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Home Media company', '2022 annual financial report', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', '1,040,132 advertising panels', '604,536 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '101,976 advertising panels', '654,957 advertising panels', '70,973 advertising panels', '371 advertising panels', 'following documents', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'extra-financial performance', 'applicable regulations', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'A- Leadership', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'RE100 Leader', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', 'Publication', 'April', 'number', 'AMF', 'description', 'declaration', 'charge', 'accordance', 'website', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,573 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/change-venue-2023-annual-general-065000974.html,Change of venue for 2023 Annual General Meeting,Change of venue for 2023 Annual General Meeting ING announced today that it has decided to change the venue for the 2023 Annual General Meeting in order to...,ING GroupChange of venue for 2023 Annual General MeetingING announced today that it has decided to change the venue for the 2023 Annual General Meeting in order to accommodate the high number of shareholders that have registered to attend in a safe and orderly manner. The meeting will now take place in the Muziekgebouw aan ’t IJ  Piet Heinkade 1 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands. As announced before  the meeting will be held on Monday 24 April 2023 at 14:00 CEST.Full details of all agenda items as published on 10 March 2023 are included in the proxy materials for our Annual General Meeting on our website (ing.com/agm). Except for the change of venue  no other changes were made to the information set out in the Agenda and Explanatory Notes.Registered shareholders may attend the AGM either in person or remotely  by logging on to the electronic platform ‘Evote by ING’  available via ing.com/agm. The AGM will also be webcast live via ing.com. Shareholders are advised to check the information on the website regularly for any updates  including details on admission requirements.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  go to www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiriesRaymond Vermeulen+31 20 576 6369Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comInvestor enquiriesING Group Investor Relations+31 20 576 6396Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Story continuesSustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Change', 'venue', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'related international response measures', 'related response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'global financial institution', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'Bank N.V.', 'general economic conditions', 'other forward-looking statements', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Group Investor Relations', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'economic crimes', 'financial services', 'orderly manner', 'Piet Heinkade', 'Monday 24 April', 'proxy materials', 'Explanatory Notes', 'electronic platform', 'Press enquiries', 'Investor enquiries', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'financial markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'Group shares', 'other changes', 'high number', 'Full details', 'agenda items', 'tax laws', 'Registered shareholders', 'The AGM', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'venue', 'safe', 'place', 'Muziekgebouw', 'IJ', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', '14:00 CEST', '10 March', 'website', 'person', 'requirements', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'Story', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/riber-2022-full-earnings-positive-060000814.html,RIBER: 2022 full-year earnings positive,Press release 2022 full-year earnings positive Business impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations stable at...,RIBERPress release2022 full-year earnings positiveBusiness impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations stable at €1.3mPositive net income of €0.2m2023 objectives: revenues of around €40m and improvement in profitabilityProposed payout of €0.05 per share for FY 2022Christian Dupont appointed as Chairman of the Executive BoardBezons  April 14  2023 - 8:00am - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is releasing its full-year earnings for 2022.(€M - at December 31) 2022 2021 Change Revenues 27.8 31.2 - €3.4m MBE systems revenues 14.8 17.4 - €2.6m Services and accessories revenues 13.0 13.8 - €0.8m Gross margin% of revenues 9.835.2% 11.135.4% - €1.3m Income from ordinary operations% of revenues 1.34.7% 1.34.1% - €0.0m Operating income% of revenues 0.00.0% 1.34.1% - €1.3m Pre-tax income from ordinary operations% of revenues 0.41.5% 1.75.5% - €1.3m Net income% of revenues 0.20.6% 1.54.7% - €1.3mKey developmentsDuring FY 2022  RIBER recorded a strong level of commercial development  as shown by its high order intake  including 14 systems and an option for an additional four systems. Nevertheless  the supply chain disruption affecting electronic components resulted in the deferral of the delivery of two research systems to 2023  representing a total of €2.9m  despite the Company’s efforts to diversify its sourcing capacity.In addition  RIBER has stopped marketing a range of evaporators for the OLED market.RevenuesIn this context  2022 full-year revenues came to €27.8m  down -11% from 2021. Sales of MBE systems contracted -15% to €14.8m  for six machines delivered  compared with eight in 2021. Sales of services and accessories are down -6% from a high basis for comparison to €13.0m  representing 46.8% of 2022 revenues.EarningsThe gross margin came to €9.8m  representing 35.2% of revenues  stable versus 2021(35.4%).Operating expenditure is stable (€9.8m). R&D investments totaled €3.2m  representing 12% of revenues  stable compared with 2021. Sales and marketing costs are up (+18% in line with the strong growth in order intake)  while administrative costs are stable overall.Story continuesIncome from ordinary operations amounted to €1.3m  comparable to 2021.Operating income broke even  compared with a €1.3m profit in 2021. It is impacted by non-current charges for €1.3m  in particular due to the decision to discontinue the OLED evaporator product line  which led to the depreciation of inventories.Net income totaled €0.2m  compared with €1.5m in 2021. In 2022  it included +€0.4m of financial income and expenses  linked primarily to the revaluation in euros of receivables denominated in US dollars and Yuan.Cash flow and balance sheetThe cash position at end-2022 was positive at €6.1m  up +€0.2m from the end of 2021. This change reflects the good level of cash flow from operations and the improvement in working capital requirements.Net financial debt decreased to €1.3m at December 31  2022  compared with €2.4m one year earlier.Shareholders’ equity totaled €18.8m  down -€1.0m from end-2021. This change is linked to earnings for the year and the distribution of amounts drawn against the issue premium for 2021 to shareholders.Order bookDuring FY 2022  new order intake improved significantly  with 14 systems ordered over the period and a good level of orders recorded for services and accessories.This robust development helped significantly strengthen the order book at December 31  2022  up +102% to €29.9m and including 11 MBE systems (€24.6m)  as well as orders for services and accessories (€5.3m).This order book does not include the additional order for a production system announced on February 20  2023  or the option to buy announced on June 8  2022 covering four production machines for which the firm orders will be confirmed in 2023 when the export license is obtained.OutlookIn view of these elements  RIBER is confident that it will be able to achieve revenues of around €40m  driven by 40% growth compared with 2022. This growth in business is expected to be combined with a significant improvement in profitability.In a still buoyant market context  with robust demand for the Company’s systems  RIBER is expected to continue taking orders in 2023  capitalizing on a strong pipeline of prospects.Distribution of amounts drawn against the “issue premium” accountIllustrating its confidence in the Company’s outlook  the Executive Board will submit a proposal to shareholders at the General Meeting on June 20  2023 to approve a cash payout based on reimbursing part of the issue premium for €0.05 per share. It will be released for payment on July 5  2023.GovernanceDuring its meeting today  chaired by Ms Annie Geoffroy  RIBER’s Supervisory Board appointed Mr Christian Dupont as Chairman of the Company’s Executive Board from April 13  2023  replacing Mr Michel Picault  who is still a member of the Company’s Executive Board.This appointment will make it possible to ramp up RIBER's robust growth and expansion in a buoyant market environment.BiographyMr Christian Dupont  Chairman of RIBER’s Executive BoardAfter graduating as an engineer from EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne)  Mr Christian Dupont  59  began his career in 1988 with Texas Instruments  where in 1992 he helped create its Wireless business unit  which became the wireless semiconductor market leader for 15 years. He was a Marketing Manager before being appointed to head up the business unit wireless USA in Dallas and Nice  where he was in charge of the wireless business unit in Europe. From 2007 to 2010  he was CEO of the startup Varioptic (electro-optics)  which was sold to Parrot  before serving until 2015 as CEO of PoLight in Norway (MEMS Auto-Focus)  which listed on Oslo’s stock market. From 2015 to 2021  he was Chairman and CEO of CEO-CF  the leading collaboration platform for executives from high-growth European technology companies. In 2018  as CEO  he helped restructure and refinance Dolphin Integration (semiconductors)  taken over by Soitec and MBDA. From 2019  he was CEO of Digitsole (digital health).Next datesApril 28  2023 - 8:00am: 2023 first-quarter revenues and 2022 annual financial reportJune 20  2023 - 10:00am: General MeetingThe annual financial statements were approved by the Executive Board and  on April 13  2023  were also approved by the Supervisory Board. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry  and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research in the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Michel Picault | tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.14,0.34,True,English,"['2022 full-year earnings positive', 'RIBER', 'OLED evaporator product line', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'supply chain disruption', 'R&D investments', 'working capital requirements', 'Ms Annie Geoffroy', 'Mr Michel Picault', 'Net financial debt', 'two research systems', 'four production machines', 'Mr Christian Dupont', 'new order intake', 'issue premium” account', 'additional four systems', 'buoyant market context', 'high order intake', 'Executive Board Bezons', 'Positive net income', '2022 full-year earnings positive', 'MBE systems revenues', 'OLED market', 'additional order', 'six machines', 'high basis', 'production system', 'Order book', 'MBE) equipment', 'financial income', '11 MBE systems', 'Supervisory Board', 'Press release', 'electronic components', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Key developments', 'strong level', 'commercial development', 'sourcing capacity', 'gross margin', 'Operating expenditure', 'marketing costs', 'administrative costs', '€1.3m profit', 'non-current charges', 'US dollars', 'Cash flow', 'balance sheet', 'cash position', 'good level', 'robust development', 'export license', 'robust demand', 'strong pipeline', 'Pre-tax income', 'Operating income', 'ordinary operations', '2022 full-year revenues', 'General Meeting', 'cash payout', 'strong growth', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'significant improvement', 'firm orders', 'Change Revenues', 'accessories revenues', '14 systems', '2022 revenues', '40% growth', 'RIBER', 'Business', 'difficulties', '2023 objectives', 'profitability', 'FY', 'Chairman', 'April', 'December', 'Services', 'option', 'deferral', 'delivery', 'total', 'Company', 'efforts', 'range', 'evaporators', 'Sales', 'comparison', 'Story', 'decision', 'depreciation', 'inventories', 'expenses', 'revaluation', 'euros', 'receivables', 'Yuan', 'distribution', 'amounts', 'period', 'February', 'June', 'Outlook', 'view', 'elements', 'prospects', 'confidence', 'proposal', 'part', 'payment', 'July', 'Governance', 'member', 'appointm', '8:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELEPERFORMANCE-SE-4709/news/Teleperformance-Press-release-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-13-2023-43491588/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Teleperformance : Press release - Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 13  2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 13  2023   PARIS  April 14  2023 - Teleperformance SE's Combined General Meeting was held on April 13  2023 in Paris under the chairmanship of Daniel Julien  Chairman and C…,"ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP - ISIN: FR0000051807 - Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-enddigital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.comFollow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceCONTACTS FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS PRESS RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Investor relations and financial Europe Americas and Asia-Pacific communication department Karine Allouis - Laurent Poinsot Nicole Miller TELEPERFORMANCE IMAGE7 TELEPERFORMANCE Tel: +33 1 53 83 59 15 Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70 Tel: + 1 801-257-5811 investor@teleperformance.com teleperformance@image7.fr nicole.miller@teleperformance.com-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Teleperformance SE (Societas Europaea). Share capital of €147 802 105. 301 292 702 RCS Paris.21-25 rue Balzac  75406 Paris Cedex 08 France. Siret 301 292 702 00059. Code APE 6420Z.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Press release', 'Teleperformance', 'April', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'INVESTORS PRESS RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Nicole Miller TELEPERFORMANCE IMAGE7 TELEPERFORMANCE', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'digital integrated business services', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'financial Europe Americas', 'successful customer interaction', 'deferred settlement service', 'CONTACTS FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'Asia-Pacific communication department', '21-25 rue Balzac', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FTSE4Good index', 'Investor relations', 'enddigital solutions', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'business processes', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'Teleperformance SE', 'RCS Paris', '75406 Paris Cedex', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Karine Allouis', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Societas Europaea', 'Share capital', 'Code APE', 'TEP FP', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'More', '410,000 employees', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'Simpler', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'France', 'Siret']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-43491207/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)          Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an addit…,"Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 39 106 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 6 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 288 40.36 41.10 39.94 415 224 MTF CBOE 7 223 40.39 41.14 40.00 291 737 MTF Turquoise 1 098 40.43 41.22 40.24 44 392 MTF Aquis 2 484 40.43 41.08 40.24 100 428 7 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 10 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 11 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 145 40.45 40.78 40.18 208 115 MTF CBOE 3 642 40.44 40.64 40.18 147 282 MTF Turquoise 836 40.41 40.74 40.22 33 783 MTF Aquis 1 872 40.42 40.82 40.22 75 666 12 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 225 40.43 40.58 40.22 130 387 MTF CBOE 2 298 40.44 40.52 40.26 92 931 MTF Turquoise 269 40.45 40.54 40.36 10 881 MTF Aquis 726 40.43 40.58 40.24 29 352 Total 39 106 40.41 41.22 39.94 1 580 178Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 170 shares during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 2 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 2 000 40.24 40.50 40.00 80 480 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 12 April 2023 170 40.20 40.20 40.20 6 834 Total 2 170 87 314Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 800 40.90 41.00 40.80 32 720 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 1 200 40.60 40.80 40.50 48 720 12 April 2023 400 40.60 40.60 40.60 16 240 Total 2 400 97 680The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 652 shares.On 12 April 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 895 199 own shares  or 5.08% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '39 106 shares', '2 170 shares', '2 400 shares', '42 652 shares', 'Update', '6 April', '12 April', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '10 April', '11 April', '2 September', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '895 199']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646816/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement    Period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023    Share Buyback ProgramOn 1...,"English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 39 106 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 6 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 288 40.36 41.10 39.94 415 224 MTF CBOE 7 223 40.39 41.14 40.00 291 737 MTF Turquoise 1 098 40.43 41.22 40.24 44 392 MTF Aquis 2 484 40.43 41.08 40.24 100 428 7 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 10 April 2023 Euronext Brussels — — — — — MTF CBOE — — — — — MTF Turquoise — — — — — MTF Aquis — — — — — 11 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 5 145 40.45 40.78 40.18 208 115 MTF CBOE 3 642 40.44 40.64 40.18 147 282 MTF Turquoise 836 40.41 40.74 40.22 33 783 MTF Aquis 1 872 40.42 40.82 40.22 75 666 12 April 2023 Euronext Brussels 3 225 40.43 40.58 40.22 130 387 MTF CBOE 2 298 40.44 40.52 40.26 92 931 MTF Turquoise 269 40.45 40.54 40.36 10 881 MTF Aquis 726 40.43 40.58 40.24 29 352 Total 39 106 40.41 41.22 39.94 1 580 178Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 170 shares during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 2 400 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 April 2023 to 12 April 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 2 000 40.24 40.50 40.00 80 480 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 12 April 2023 170 40.20 40.20 40.20 6 834 Total 2 170 87 314Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 April 2023 800 40.90 41.00 40.80 32 720 7 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 10 April 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2023 1 200 40.60 40.80 40.50 48 720 12 April 2023 400 40.60 40.60 40.60 16 240 Total 2 400 97 680The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 652 shares.On 12 April 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 895 199 own shares  or 5.08% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.21,0.43,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', 'Total Amount', '39 106 shares', '2 170 shares', '2 400 shares', '42 652 shares', 'Update', '6 April', '12 April', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '10 April', '11 April', '2 September', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '895 199']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-INVITES-ITS-SHAREHOLDERS-TO-THE-ORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-AND-AN-EXTRAORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-ON-43490802/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023,(marketscreener.com) Publication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETI…,Publication on April 14  2023  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 16  2023EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 16  2023  at 11 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.60 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2022);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 42 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2022;Board mandates: The renewal of the mandate of Accompany You SRL  represented by Mrs. Anne Cambier  as independent Director; The appointment of InnoVision BV  represented by Mr. Serge Van Herck  as Director; and The appointment of FRINSO SRL  represented by Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli  as independent Director.Updates to the Remuneration policyAn Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 am  at its registered office in Liège  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve:The proposal to authorize the Board of Directors to increase the capital within the framework of the authorized capital procedure as per the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; andThe issuance of subscription rights (warrants).The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 16  2023 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2022 annual and sustainability reports.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS' management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.13,0.71,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'EVS', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'Mr. Serge Van Herck', '13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports images', 'live video production systems', 'live video technology', 'Mrs. Anne Cambier', 'Mrs. Soumya Chandramouli', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new technologies', 'EVS BB', '42 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', ""EVS' management"", 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'Liège', 'usual topics', 'sustainability reports', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', 'effective services', 'InnoVision BV', 'Remuneration policy', 'same day', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'subscription rights', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'news content', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'technical support', 'independent Director', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'capital procedure', 'market share', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'FRINSO SRL', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', '2022 annual', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'renewal', 'Accompany', 'appointment', 'Updates', '12 am', 'proposal', 'framework', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'forward', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'sales', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WERELDHAVE-BELGIUM-5981/news/Wereldhave-Belgium-Notice-of-payment-of-dividend-2023-43497409/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Wereldhave Belgium : Notice of payment of dividend 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Limited Liability Company   Public Regulated Real Estate Company   Medialaan 30  box 6   1800 Vilvoorde   Company registration number 0412.597.022    DIVIDEND PAYMENT ANNOUNCEMENT   The Ordinary General Meeting of...…,Limited Liability CompanyPublic Regulated Real Estate CompanyMedialaan 30  box 61800 VilvoordeCompany registration number 0412.597.022 (RPR Brussels)DIVIDEND PAYMENT ANNOUNCEMENTThe Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of 12 April 2023 decided to grant a gross dividend of €4.20 (€2.94 net) per share.The Ex-Dividend Date is Monday 17 April 2023 and the Record Date is Tuesday 18 April 2023.The dividend (coupon 27) is payable from Wednesday 19 April 2023.Vilvoorde  14 April 2023.For further information - Matthijs Storm - Managing Director - +32 2 732 19 00investor.relations@wereldhavebelgium.comWereldhave Belgium focuses on shopping centres and retail parks that are dominant in their catchment area.The shares are listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange. On 31 December 2022  Wereldhave Belgium's market capitalisation amounts to € 435 million.For more information  please refer to our website https://www.wereldhavebelgium.com/?setlng=1,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Wereldhave Belgium', 'Notice', 'payment', 'Limited Liability Company Public Regulated Real Estate Company', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'Euronext Brussels stock exchange', 'Company registration number', 'The Ex-Dividend Date', 'DIVIDEND PAYMENT ANNOUNCEMENT', 'RPR Brussels', 'gross dividend', 'Record Date', 'Matthijs Storm', 'Managing Director', 'Wereldhave Belgium', 'shopping centres', 'retail parks', 'catchment area', 'market capitalisation', 'Wednesday 19 April', '12 April', '14 April', 'Medialaan', 'box', 'Vilvoorde', 'Shareholders', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'coupon', 'information', 'investor', 'relations', 'shares', '31 December', 'website', 'wereldhavebelgium']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647245/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Monthly-report-relating-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-outstanding-shares-as-of-March-31-2023.html,McPhy Energy: Monthly report relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares (as of March 31  2023),Translation for information purposes only  Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding shares In accordance with......,"French EnglishTranslation for information purposes onlyMonthly informationrelating to the total number of voting rights and outstanding sharesIn accordance with articles L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and223-16 of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers General RegulationReporting company :Corporate name: McPhy EnergyPublic Limited company (société anonyme) with Board of DirectorsRegistered office: 79 rue Général Mangin  38100 GrenobleRegistered under number 502 205 917 R.C.S. GrenobleEuronext Paris Compartment B (ISIN code: FR0011742329 - MCPHY)Date Total number of outstanding shares Total number of voting rights* Gross Net 31.03.2023 27 959 095 29 257 135 28 090 708* Total number of voting rights (i) ""gross"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including those deprived of voting rights  (ii) ""net"" calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached after deduction of those deprived of voting rights (treasury shares and other shares whose voting rights are suspended pursuant to laws)ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['McPhy Energy', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', 'report', 'March', 'des Marchés Financiers General Regulation', '79 rue Général Mangin', 'McPhy Energy Public Limited company', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'industrial raw material supply', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'broad commercial coverage', 'French Commercial Code', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'société anonyme', 'Reporting company', 'energy transition', 'industrial, mobility', 'energy sectors', 'French English', 'turnkey solutions', 'ISIN code', 'hydrogen production', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'hydrogen equipment', 'voting rights', 'Corporate name', 'Registered office', 'Gross Net', 'distribution equipment', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Press relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'McPhyEnergy Attachment', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'treasury shares', 'other shares', 'information purposes', 'T.', 'Translation', 'accordance', 'articles', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Date', 'basis', 'deduction', 'laws', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', '1']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COCA-COLA-EUROPACIFIC-PAR-27862553/news/Coca-Cola-Europacific-Partners-Oferta-P-blica-de-Distribuicao-de-acoes-reservada-a-trabalhadores-d-43496998/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Coca Cola Europacific Partners : Oferta Pública de Distribuição de ações reservada a trabalhadores da Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC - Resultados da Oferta,(marketscreener.com)   13 April 2023   Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc   a company incorporated in the UK  registered with nr. 9717350 and with head-office in   Pemberton House  Bakers Road  Uxbridge  United Kingdom  UB8 1EZ   Employee share …,"13 April 2023Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plca company incorporated in the UK  registered with nr. 9717350 and with head-office inPemberton House  Bakers Road  Uxbridge  United Kingdom  UB8 1EZEmployee share purchase plan (""ESPP"") information document for certain employees of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc certain subsidiaries under the ESPP International sub-planResults of the Offer in PortugalPursuant to article 127 of the Portuguese Securities Code and regarding the above offer  the offering results in Portugal between 5 December 2022 and 16 december 2022 were the following and are hereby disclosed:ISIN Code Number of shares Share price (average) Total shares price GB00BDCPN049 535.649600 USD 59.516800 USD 31 880.15Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc share capital is listed on the NASDAQ  the Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange (standard listing)  and the Barcelona  Bilbao  Madrid and Valencia stock exchanges.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Coca Cola Europacific Partners', 'Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC', 'Oferta Pública', 'Distribuição', 'ações', 'trabalhadores', 'Resultados', 'Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc share capital', 'Employee share purchase plan', 'shares Share price', 'ESPP"") information document', 'ESPP International sub-plan', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'ISIN Code Number', 'Total shares price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Valencia stock exchanges', 'Pemberton House', 'Bakers Road', 'United Kingdom', 'UB8 1EZ', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'standard listing', 'offering results', 'April', 'company', 'UK', 'nr', 'head-office', 'Uxbridge', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', 'Portugal', 'article', '5 December', '16 december', 'average', 'NASDAQ', 'Barcelona', 'Bilbao', 'Madrid']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-3055385,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil By Reuters,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,"© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: Bull and bear symbols are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in Frankfurt  Germany  February 12  2019. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File PhotoDB1Gn -1.50% Add to/Remove from Watchlist ICE 0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist TRI -1.03% Add to/Remove from Watchlist STOXX +0.59% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Danilo Masoni and Samuel IndykMILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters (NYSE: )  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ) Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.06,0.81,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'Reuters', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo DB1Gn', 'seven big European centres', '14 times 12-month forward earnings', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'The MOVE index', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'German stock exchange', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'defensive utility-like features', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'European exchange stocks', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'Average daily value', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'region-wide index', 'European banks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'bourse operators', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'bank turmoil', 'defensive qualities', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', '5-year average', 'equity volatility', 'bear symbols', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'spike in', 'Credit Suisse', 'modest valuations', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'fixed-income volatility', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'Watchlist ICE', 'Watchlist TRI', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'Flow Traders', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'Thomson Reuters', 'UBS research', 'bond volatility', 'Reuters News', '22 times', 'Bull', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'February', 'MILAN/LONDON', 'downfall', 'investors', 'exchanges', 'September', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'ETR', 'LSEG', 'NYSE', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'mkt', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'portfolio', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', '©']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,investing.com
22989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/european-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-1337254,European exchanges’ defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,By Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) -   European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities…,The exchanges’ share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators’ shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.“There’s rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action ” said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.“Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks”.Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company’s history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS’s rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.Volatility boostEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks’ time.UBS research that uses the bank’s prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor “crowding” in exchange operators’ stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.“Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges ” said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.“The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio ” he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.“Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends ” said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. “We continue to like exchange stocks.”(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman),neutral,0.02,0.54,0.45,mixed,0.24,0.1,0.66,True,English,"['European exchanges’ defensive appeal', 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', '14 times 12-month forward earnings', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'defensive utility-like features', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', 'Exchange operators’ shares', 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Average daily value', 'exchange operators’ stocks', 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'exchange stocks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', 'bank turmoil', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'equity volatility', '5-year average', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'Credit Suisse', 'Volatility boost', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'fixed-income volatility', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Jane Merriman', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', 'Thomson Reuters', 'weeks’ time', 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'bond volatility', 'Flow Traders', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', '22 times', 'September', 'investors', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'exchanges', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Milan', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'shareholder', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities', 'Editing']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,fxempire.com
22990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CREDIT-SUISSE-GROUP-AG-9364979/news/European-exchanges-defensive-appeal-attracts-investors-after-bank-turmoil-43490884/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,European exchanges' defensive appeal attracts investors after bank turmoil,(marketscreener.com) European exchange stocks stand to benefit from a spike in volatility surrounding the downfall of Credit Suisse  as some investors turn towards bourse operators attracted by their defensive qualities and modest valuations.https://www.marke…,"The exchanges' share price performance has lagged the region-wide STOXX 600 index by up to 13 percentage points since September  as investors chased banks  potentially a more attractive trade because of rising interest rates.But after a quiet start to the year for trading activity  the turbulence in March is spurring some investors to shift their exposure as part of a wider shift away from banking into other sectors.Spikes in bond and equity volatility could yield positive earning surprises for exchange companies during the upcoming reporting season  just when tightening credit conditions risk hitting economic growth  making defensive businesses like exchanges more attractive.Exchange operators' shares have outperformed in the past few weeks  with traders and analysts pointing to signs of investors rotating into exchanges  partly at the expense of banks. Volume spikes tend to boost activity across trades processed by exchange operators.""There's rotation  the most obvious and public example of this is in the price action "" said Andrew Morgan  president at U.S.-based financial technology provider TS Imagine.""Exchange operators are data and technology businesses with defensive utility-like features  while banks are highly cyclical and exposed to idiosyncratic business model risks"".Equity trades across Euronext  which runs exchanges in seven big European centres from Paris to Amsterdam and Milan  reached the third-highest value in the company's history on March 17. Its average daily traded volumes in March were the highest in a year.Swiss exchange SIX  at the epicentre of the turmoil around UBS's rescue of Credit Suisse  had a 44.6% jump in March turnover compared with February. Cash market turnover at Deutsche Boerse rose 23.7% last month versus February.Average daily value traded at the London Stock Exchange (LSEG) rose 12.9% month-over-month in March. Thomson Reuters  which owns Reuters News  has been a shareholder in LSEG since 2021. LSEG also pays Reuters for news.(Graphic: Exchanges 1 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/egpbylogdvq/Exchange%20operators%201.PNG)VOLATILITY BOOSTEvidence of any shift could be revealed when filings disclosing how mutual funds have tweaked their positions are published in a few weeks' time.UBS research that uses the bank's prime brokerage data and other sources showed in April that investor ""crowding"" in exchange operators' stocks has been recovering from four-year lows.Among financials in Europe  exchange stocks are the most positively correlated to volatility.Banking turmoil and option expiries drove the Euro STOXX volatility index last month to its highest since October in a steep surge that quickly pared back. The MOVE index  a gauge of fixed-income volatility  hit 2008 levels and remains high.""Investors tend to look at the exchanges as defensive names. In recessionary environments  we tend to see money being allocated increasingly to the exchanges "" said Micheal Werner  senior equity analyst at UBS in London.""The number of incoming calls I have had on the exchanges has certainly increased over the past two or three weeks as people are working at the allocations within the financial space of their portfolio "" he added.Werner said uncertainty over monetary policy should keep bond volatility elevated  supporting exchange stocks  while spikes in equity volatility tend to be bad for investment banking  M&A and customer fund flows at big universal banks.Deutsche Boerse has rallied more than 10% since the bank turmoil started in March with the collapse of U.S. regional bank SVB. Deutsche Boerse shares hit a lifetime high on Thursday.LSEG and Euronext have risen almost 8% and 4% respectively  while Amsterdam-based market maker Flow Traders  which also benefits from volatility  is up more than 13%.Over the same period  European banks have lost around 12%.Looking to the long term  some investors see the exchange industry benefiting from data demand.And exchange valuations are near multi-year lows which suggests any downside could be limited.Euronext trades at 14 times 12-month forward earnings and LSEG at 22 times  both an 18% discount to their five-year averages  as per Refinitiv Datastream.U.S. rival Nasdaq Inc trades on a multiple of 20  just a 3% discount to its 5-year average and Intercontinental Exchange Inc which trades on a multiple of 19  is 4.7% below its 5-year average.""Beyond being volatility beneficiaries  which makes them attractive within a diversified portfolio context  we also believe they are well-placed for data demand and consumption trends "" said Thomas McGarrity  head of equities at RBC Wealth Management. ""We continue to like exchange stocks.""(Graphic: Exchanges 2 - https://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/mkt/klpygmmxkpg/Exchange%20stocks%201.PNG)(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk. Editing by Jane Merriman)By Danilo Masoni and Samuel Indyk",neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.28,0.12,0.6,True,English,"[""European exchanges' defensive appeal"", 'bank turmoil', 'investors', 'U.S.-based financial technology provider', 'U.S. regional bank SVB.', 'up to 13 percentage points', 'idiosyncratic business model risks', 'seven big European centres', 'Euro STOXX volatility index', 'U.S. rival', 'region-wide STOXX 600 index', 'The MOVE index', 'rising interest rates', 'positive earning surprises', 'upcoming reporting season', 'customer fund flows', 'Amsterdam-based market maker', 'RBC Wealth Management', 'share price performance', 'Cash market turnover', 'defensive utility-like features', 'Swiss exchange SIX', 'senior equity analyst', 'big universal banks', 'prime brokerage data', 'diversified portfolio context', ""Exchange operators' shares"", 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Average daily value', ""exchange operators' stocks"", 'technology businesses', 'financial space', 'European banks', 'exchange stocks', 'price action', 'third-highest value', 'Nasdaq Inc', 'defensive businesses', 'defensive names', 'bank turmoil', 'exchange companies', 'exchange industry', 'equity volatility', '5-year average', 'attractive trade', 'quiet start', 'other sectors', 'credit conditions', 'economic growth', 'public example', 'Andrew Morgan', 'TS Imagine', 'Credit Suisse', 'VOLATILITY BOOST', 'mutual funds', 'other sources', 'four-year lows', 'option expiries', 'steep surge', 'fixed-income volatility', 'recessionary environments', 'incoming calls', 'monetary policy', 'M&A', 'same period', 'long term', 'data demand', 'multi-year lows', 'five-year averages', 'Refinitiv Datastream', 'volatility beneficiaries', 'consumption trends', 'Thomas McGarrity', 'Danilo Masoni', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Jane Merriman', 'Equity trades', 'March turnover', 'Thomson Reuters', ""weeks' time"", 'three weeks', 'investment banking', 'trading activity', 'wider shift', 'Micheal Werner', 'past two', 'bond volatility', 'Flow Traders', 'Banking turmoil', 'Volume spikes', 'UBS research', 'Reuters News', 'exchanges', 'September', 'investors', 'turbulence', 'exposure', 'part', 'analysts', 'signs', 'expense', 'rotation', 'obvious', 'president', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Milan', 'company', 'history', 'volumes', 'epicentre', 'rescue', '44.6% jump', 'February', 'LSEG', 'month', 'shareholder', 'Graphic', 'thomsonreuters', 'Evidence', 'filings', 'positions', 'April', 'financials', 'October', 'gauge', '2008 levels', 'money', 'number', 'people', 'allocations', 'uncertainty', 'collapse', 'lifetime', 'Thursday', 'downside', '14 times', '22 times', '18% discount', 'multiple', '3% discount', 'head', 'equities', 'klpygmmxkpg/Exchange', 'Editing']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-43497659/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal d…,"Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 14  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 12  2023 from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 11  2023  it held 26 728 439 shares of the then outstanding 632 659 186 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.09,0.61,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 632,659,186 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '26,728,439 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'April', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-43851519/news/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-Deferral-of-conversions-between-CDIs-and-stapled-shares-in-respect-of-202-43497340/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield: Deferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Paris  Amsterdam  April 14  2023   Press release   Deferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield announces that May 3  2023 will be…,"Paris  Amsterdam  April 14  2023Press releaseDeferral of conversions between CDIs and stapled shares in respect of 2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General MeetingUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (""URW"") announces that May 3  2023 (7:00pm  Australian Eastern Standard Time) will be the record date for the purpose of determining the entitlement of CHESS Depositary Interest (""CDI"") holders to give voting instructions for the Annual General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE (""URW SE"") to be held on May 11  2023.URW SE has sought and been granted from the Australian Securities Exchange (""ASX"") waivers to allow URW to defer  and not to process conversions between its stapled share and CDI registers  during the period commencing April 28  2023 and ending May 9  2023  inclusive (being the voting entitlement record date for URW SE shareholders).Therefore  there will be a deferral and no processing of conversions between URW's stapled share and CDI registers during the period described above.The waivers are intended to prevent the potential for votes to be cast twice in respect of the same URW SE ordinary shares as a result of the record date for determining entitlements to vote at the 2023 Annual General Meeting for CDI holders being different to and earlier than the record date for determining the entitlements of URW SE shareholders.For further information please contact:Investor RelationsAlex EstruchVP  Chief of Staff to the CEO+1 424 303 1948Alex.Estruch@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global :Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance :Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States :Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting', 'stapled shares', 'Deferral', 'conversions', 'CDIs', 'respect', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'same URW SE ordinary shares', '2023 Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE Annual General Meeting', 'Australian Eastern Standard Time', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'voting entitlement record date', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'CHESS Depositary Interest', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'urban regeneration projects', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'positive environmental, social', '€3 Bn development pipeline', 'URW SE shareholders', 'mixed-use assets', 'stapled shares', 'voting instructions', 'high-quality offices', 'Standard & Poor', 'mixed-use development', 'Press release', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', 'Kekst CNC', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', '€52 Bn portfolio', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Baa2 rating', 'CDI registers', 'dynamic cities', 'The Group', 'major cities', 'ASX"") waivers', '78 shopping centres', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'CDI holders', 'Alex Estruch', 'Molly Morse', 'April', 'Deferral', 'conversions', 'CDIs', 'respect', 'May', 'purpose', 'period', 'processing', 'potential', 'votes', 'result', 'entitlements', 'information', 'VP', 'Chief', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'kekstcnc', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Moody', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-34473559/news/VEON-management-to-increase-share-ownership-43497975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,VEON management to increase share ownership,(marketscreener.com)  VEON management to increase share ownership Amsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces an increase in management’s ownership of company shares. Thi…,VEON management to increase share ownershipAmsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces an increase in management’s ownership of company shares. This follows the completion of management share awards as a part of the Group’s incentive programs that were announced in February 2022.The share awards  detailed in the table below  were granted as part of VEON’s Deferred Share Plan  which was detailed in our press release dated 28 February 2022. The Deferred Share Grant  which represents 50% of the Short-Term Incentive (“STI”) scheme  relates to the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and is deferred into shares under the Deferred Share Grant rules. The shares will vest in American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) over a period of two years from 15 March 2023.The Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”) 2023 share grant is awarded in relation to the three-year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The vesting of these shares is linked to the relative TSR performance to VEON’s peer group.The LTI award represents a further step in aligning the executive team’s remuneration with the successful implementation of our digital operator strategy and long-term value creation for our shareholders.With this share transfer  five members of VEON’s Group Executive Committee were granted a total of 154 876 shares within the scope of STI plans and 643 286 shares as a part of LTI plans.ADS  # STI 2022 delivered in share grants LTI 2023 award Kaan Terzioglu 65 761 306 852 Serkan Okandan 45 251 23 461 Michael Schulz 19 728 92 051 Joop Brakenhoff 18 855 123 169 Matthieu Galvani 5 281 97 753 TOTAL 154 876 643 286About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.21,0.58,True,English,"['VEON management', 'share ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Deferred Share Grant rules', 'global digital operator', 'relative TSR performance', 'digital operator strategy', 'long-term value creation', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Deferred Share Plan', 'Group Executive Committee', 'American Depositary Shares', 'management share awards', 'The Long-Term Incentive', 'share transfer', 'share grants', 'executive team', 'incentive programs', 'Short-Term Incentive', 'share ownership', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'two years', 'peer group', 'successful implementation', 'five members', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Serkan Okandan', 'Michael Schulz', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Matthieu Galvani', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'LTI award', 'LTI plans', 'LTI 2023 award', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'company shares', 'three-year period', 'STI plans', 'VEON management', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '154,876 shares', '643,286 shares', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'increase', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'table', 'scheme', '1 January', '31 December', 'ADS', '15 March', 'relation', 'vesting', 'step', 'remuneration', 'shareholders', 'total', 'scope', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/net-asset-value-31-march-161500467.html,Net Asset Value as at 31 March 2023,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES ...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  14 April 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for March 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYIncluding the dividend to be paid in April (but had record date in March) Volta Finance performance in March is -1.5% which is a relatively good performance in such context. For the first quarter of the year the performance stands at +5.8%  a very good start for 2023.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: +0.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  -2.8% for CLO Equity tranches  -3.4% for CLO Debt tranches; and +2.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent circa 2.2% of the fund’s NAV).We highlighted in previous monthly reports that we have been building (and trading) a long duration overlay for several months. As explained  we are convinced that rates are globally back to levels from which one could anticipate interest rates cuts in reaction to potential economic shocks. This is exactly what happened in March with the Credit Suisse story and the bail-out of some US Regional banks: government bonds recorded solid performances on both sides of the Atlantic. As of the start of March  Volta overlay duration was in the area of 3 years (long US five-notes contracts and fixed receiver on European swaps) and it contributed to circa 2% of the March’s performance. As a result  we took some significant profits on this duration overlay  taking the overlay in the area of 1 year of duration at the end of March.Our view regarding the March events is as follow – while the CS situation was very specific and should not spread to the wider European banking system  we believe that what happened with the US Regional banks is much more concerning. It is clear to us that there is a need for higher regulation there while the competition between US banks deposits and US monetary funds is much more acute than in Europe. Consequently  we may see some US regional banks pushed to reduce some of the support they used to provide to specific businesses in the quarters/years to come. The areas under most scrutiny seem to be the CREs one as well as local/small businesses  and it is reasonable to expect that a reduction in their financial support will have economic impacts. Access to credit may reduce while the cost of credit for a substantial chunk of the US economy will most likely be higher  although we expect this to be partially offset by lower-than-expected interest rates.Story continuesWe see no direct impact of these banking issues for CLOs. Underlying loan portfolios are located in SPVs (Special Purpose Vehicle) that sit outside banks’ balance sheets. CS was a modest player in Loan origination and the US regional banks are not involved in US Loan origination either. CLOs holdings in US regional banks are also very modest (below 1.5% of the CLO market according to the research we read). The only area that may be under some pressure is the Middle Market CLO one. Indeed  companies that finance themselves through Middle Market loans are usually local and relatively small  hence most likely customers of regional banks (in the form of deposit  paycheck  revolver facilities  …). There has been no particular market reaction and MML CLOs did not underperform their BSL cousins for now. Note that Volta do not own MML CLO debts and our exposure to MML CLO equity is 1.1% of NAV.March is a structurally weak month in terms of interest and cash flows collected from Volta’s assets: Volta received the equivalent of €0.6m of interests and coupons. However  over the usual rolling 6-month time frame  Volta received €22.1m of interests and coupons  ie. a 19.2% annualized cash flow to NAV.No significant purchases were made in March. We think that some pricing weakness on Loans will show in the coming months. Volta accumulated a bit of cash over the last 3 months  and we hope this will allow us to make some good investments  at a discount  in the coming weeks/months.As at the end of March 2023  Volta’s NAV was €221.0m or €6.04 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 6.99% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.86% as at 28 February 2023  0.57% as at 31 January 2023  0.56% as at 30 September 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.19,0.43,True,English,"['Net Asset Value', '31 March', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'usual rolling 6-month time frame', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'long US five-notes contracts', 'wider European banking system', 'Underlying loan portfolios', 'previous monthly reports', 'banks’ balance sheets', 'US monetary funds', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'US banks deposits', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'US Regional banks', 'Middle Market CLO', 'potential economic shocks', 'MML CLO debts', 'MML CLO equity', '19.2% annualized cash flow', 'US Loan origination', 'long duration overlay', 'Middle Market loans', 'particular market reaction', 'Volta Finance performance', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'March 2023 monthly report', 'interest rates cuts', 'Credit Suisse story', 'Volta overlay duration', 'CLO market', 'solid performances', 'European swaps', 'US economy', 'banking issues', 'economic impacts', 'full report', 'MML CLOs', 'cash flows', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'first quarter', 'several months', 'government bonds', 'fixed receiver', 'significant profits', 'higher regulation', 'specific businesses', 'most scrutiny', 'local/small businesses', 'substantial chunk', 'direct impact', 'modest player', 'revolver facilities', 'BSL cousins', 'weak month', 'significant purchases', 'pricing weakness', 'coming months', 'last 3 months', 'coming weeks/months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'record date', 'CLOs holdings', 'month-end date', 'good performance', 'good start', 'CS situation', 'financial support', 'good investments', 'March events', 'NAV information', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'THE', 'Guernsey', '14 April', 'Company', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'context', 'year', 'ABS', 'levels', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'area', 'result', 'view', 'need', 'competition', 'CREs', 'reduction', 'Access', 'cost', 'lower', 'expected', 'SPVs', 'research', 'pressure', 'companies', 'customers', 'paycheck', 'exposure', 'terms', 'assets', 'equivalent', 'interests', 'coupons', 'bit', 'discount', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'price', '28 February', '31 January', '30 September', '€']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
22995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-TRANSITION-PARTNER-124844124/news/Energy-Transition-Partners-B-Annual-report-2022-Energy-Transition-Partners-43491437/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Energy Transition Partners B : Annual report 2022 Energy Transition Partners,(marketscreener.com)   ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.      ANNUAL REPORT   FOR THE YEAR ENDED   31 DECEMBER 2022     ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.      CONTENTS   Page   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-TR…,"This copy of the 2022 Annual Report of Energy Transition Partners B.V. is not in the European single electronic reporting format (ESEF) as specified in the RTS on ESEF (Regulation (EU) 2019/815). The ESEF version of the 2022 Annual Report is available at www.entpa.nl.ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.(Amsterdam)REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSThis annual report of Energy Transition Partners B.V. (hereinafter referred to as ""Energy Transition"" or the ""Company"") for the year ended 31 December 2022 consists of the report of the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board""  the ""Directors' Report"" or the ""Board Report"")  including the responsibility statement and other mandatory statements by the Board and the financial statements of the Company (the ""Financial Statements"") and the accompanying notes (the ""Annual Report"").ABOUT ENERGY TRANSITION PARTNERS B.V.The Company was incorporated on 25 February 2021 under the name of EnTra Acquisition B.V. On 10 March 2021 the name of the Company was changed to Energy Transition Partners B.V. The Company has its registered office at Luna ArenA  Herikerbergweg 238  1101 CM Amsterdam  the Netherlands.The Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) with the purpose of effecting a merger  demerger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with  or acquisition of  a business or company (a ""Target"") (a ""Business Combination"") operating in the Energy Transition Sector that is headquartered or operating in Europe (including UK)  although it may pursue a business combination opportunity in any geography  industry or sector. Energy Transition Sponsor LLP (the ""Sponsor"") is the Sponsor of the Company.The Company was admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam (the ""Admission"")  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Euronext Amsterdam"") on 19 July 2021 pursuant to a private placement (the ""Private Placement"" or ""Offering"") in which it raised EUR 175 million in gross proceeds (the ""Proceeds"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Company's prospectus which has been issued on 15 July 2021 (the ""Prospectus""). The Company completed the Offering of 17 500 000 units (the ""Units"")  each consisting of one ordinary share (an ""Ordinary Share"") and one-third (1/3) of a warrant (a ""Warrant"" or ""Public Warrant"")  at a price of EUR 10.00 per Unit raising gross proceeds of EUR 175 million. Payment for the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants (""Settlement"") took place on 21 July 2021 (the ""Settlement Date"").Since the Settlement Date  the Company has been focusing on the selection of a potential target company for the initial Business Combination. The process is currently ongoing  and the Company has 24 months from the Settlement Date  plus an additional six months subject to approval by the General Meeting  to complete a Business Combination.The Company's business strategy is to identify  combine with and maximise the value of a Target with operations in the Energy Transition Sector. In executing this strategy  the Company will look for a Target that (i) complements the experience of the Founders (ii) can benefit from the Founders' operating and financial expertise and (iii) represents a compelling investment opportunity for the Company and its investors.If the Company identifies a suitable Target  the Company will enter into negotiations with the Target's current owners including  if appropriate  for the purpose of agreeing transaction documentation appropriate for the potential Business Combination.Assuming the transaction documentation is agreed  the Company will convene an extraordinary shareholder meeting and propose the Business Combination to the Shareholders (the ""Business Combination EGM""). The approval of the Business Combination will require a simple majority (over 50% of the votes cast on the Shares) approval of the General Meeting without any quorum requirement. Depending on the nature of the transaction  other resolutions may also need to be passed which could have a higher voting threshold and/or have a quorum requirement.Page | 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['Energy Transition Partners', 'Annual report', 'European single electronic reporting format', 'Energy Transition Partners B.V.', 'EnTra Acquisition B.V.', 'Energy Transition Sponsor LLP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Energy Transition Sector', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'higher voting threshold', 'compelling investment opportunity', 'extraordinary shareholder meeting', 'additional six months', 'other mandatory statements', 'similar business combination', 'initial Business Combination', 'potential Business Combination', 'Business Combination EGM', 'one ordinary share', 'The ESEF version', 'potential target company', 'combination opportunity', 'asset acquisition', 'other resolutions', 'financial statements', 'General Meeting', 'share exchange', 'share purchase', '1101 CM Amsterdam', 'responsibility statement', 'accompanying notes', 'registered office', 'Luna ArenA', 'private placement', 'Public Warrants', 'financial expertise', 'current owners', 'simple majority', 'quorum requirement', 'Ordinary Shares', '2022 Annual Report', 'Settlement Date', 'business strategy', 'gross proceeds', 'transaction documentation', ""Founders' operating"", 'suitable Target', ""Directors' Report"", 'The Company', 'Board Report', '24 months', 'copy', 'RTS', 'Regulation', 'nl', 'year', 'December', '25 February', 'name', '10 March', 'Herikerbergweg', 'Netherlands', 'SPAC', 'merger', 'reorganisation', 'UK', 'geography', 'industry', 'trading', 'Admission', 'market', '19 July', 'Offering', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'prospectus', '15 July', '17,500,000 units', 'one-third', 'price', 'Payment', '21 July', 'selection', 'process', 'approval', 'value', 'operations', 'experience', 'investors', 'negotiations', 'Shareholders', 'votes', 'nature', 'Page']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22996,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-April-7-13-2023-on-the-First-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program-43497861/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to…,Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 7 up to and including April 13  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 11.04.2023 155 000 € 16 6411 € 2 579 371 MILE 12.04.2023 225 000 € 16 9042 € 3 803 445 MILE 13.04.2023 225 000 € 16 8470 € 3 790 575 MILE Total 605 000 € 16 8155 € 10 173 391Since March 17  2023 up to and including April 13  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 2 578 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 42 330 853.As of April 13  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 71 704 284 common shares equal to 2.23% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.17,0.69,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'innovative, attractive products', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'other anticipated aspects', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'local economic', '2,578,740 common shares', '4,284 common shares', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'operating results', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'Date Number', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'adequate financing', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'retail customers', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'period', 'June', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding', 'access', 'dealers']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22997,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VRANKEN-POMMERY-MONOPOLE-5006/news/VRANKEN-POMMERY-MONOPOLE-AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-2022-REFERENCE-DOCUMENT-43495715/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE - AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 REFERENCE DOCUMENT,(marketscreener.com) Press Release VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Including the Annual Financial Report Reims  April 14th 2023 VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document…,"Press ReleaseVRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLEAVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTIncluding the Annual Financial ReportReims  April 14th 2023VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document  with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  on 13th April 2023  under number D.23-0280.This document includes :the Annual Financial Report  including the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments the Board of Directors' corporate governance report information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors  andthe required information in relation to the share repurchase program.It is available to the public under conditions provided by regulations and can be download on the website of the Group :https://www.vrankenpommery.com/finance/communiques-et-information-reglementeeThe Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website ( www.amf-france.org ).About Vranken-Pommery MonopoleVranken-Pommery Monopole is a leading wine player in Europe and the second largest champagne group.The group manages 2 600 hectares of land  owned outright or under lease and spread over four vineyards in Champagne  Provence  Camargue and Douro. The group’s activities include wine-growing  wine-making  distribution and marketing  with a strong commitment to the promotion of terroirs  sustainable wine-growing and environmental conservation.Its brand portfolio includes:the Vranken  Pommery & Greno  Heidsieck & Co Monopole  Charles Lafitte and Bissinger & Co champagnes; the Rozès and Sao Pédro port wines and the Terras do Grifo Douro wines; the Domaine Royal de Jarras and Pink Flamingo Camargue wines the Château La Gordonne  and Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines; the Louis Pommery California  Louis Pommery England and Brut de France sparkling wines.Vranken-Pommery Monopole is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris (""VRAP"") and Brussels (""VRAB""). ISIN: FR0000062796.ContactsVranken-Pommery Monopole:Franck Delval  Financial Control Director+33 (0)3 26 61 62 34  comfi@vrankenpommery.fr MediaLaurent Poinsot  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 77 lpoinsot@image7.frClaire Doligez  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 25  cdoligez@image7.frCaroline Simon  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 65  caroline.simon@image7.frAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE', '2022 REFERENCE DOCUMENT', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Sao Pédro port wines', 'Château La Gordonne', 'Domaine Royal de Jarras', ""Directors' corporate governance report"", 'parent company financial statements', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines', ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'second largest champagne group', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Brut de France', '2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Financial Control Director', 'share repurchase program', 'leading wine player', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'Grifo Douro wines', 'Louis Pommery California', 'Louis Pommery England', 'Pink Flamingo Camargue', 'VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group', 'Rozès', 'sparkling wines', 'management report', 'Co Monopole', 'Press Release', 'related-party agreements', 'four vineyards', 'strong commitment', 'environmental conservation', 'brand portfolio', 'Charles Lafitte', 'Co champagnes', 'Franck Delval', 'fr Media', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Claire Doligez', '13th April', 'sustainable wine-growing', 'Caroline Simon', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Reims', 'AMF', 'number', 'commitments', 'Board', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'public', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'website', 'vrankenpommery', 'reglementee', 'org', 'Europe', '2,600 hectares', 'activities', 'wine-making', 'distribution', 'marketing', 'promotion', 'terroirs', 'Greno', 'Heidsieck', 'Bissinger', 'Terras', 'Brussels', 'VRAB', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'image', 'Attachments', '1 53']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
22998,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646831/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-March-31-2023.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 14  2023  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023 ...,English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — April 14  2023Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of March 31  2023Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of March 31  2023  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 335 398 213Number of voting rights*: 2 001 654 368*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers can redefine the creation  production and life-cycle-management processes of their offer and thus have a meaningful impact to make the world more sustainable. The beauty of the Experience Economy is that it is a human-centered economy for the benefit of all –consumers  patients and citizens.Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  OUTSCALE  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a European company (Societas Europaea) incorporated under French law  and registered with the Versailles trade and companies registry under number 322 306 440  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'March', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Press Release', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'life-cycle-management processes', 'meaningful impact', 'Experience Economy', 'human-centered economy', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'European company', 'Societas Europaea', 'French law', 'Versailles trade', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'real world', 'other countries', 'total number', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'April', 'Declaration', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'creation', 'production', 'offer', 'beauty', 'benefit', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'companies', 'registry', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
22999,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUYGUES-SA-4620/news/BOUYGUES-BOUYGUES-CONFIANCE-N-12-EMPLOYEE-SHARE-OWNERSHIP-PLAN-43491077/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,BOUYGUES: BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN,(marketscreener.com) BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN Bouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan  “Bouygues Confiance n°12”. The plan involves a capital increase of a maximum of €150 million reserved for …,BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLANBouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan  “Bouygues Confiance n°12”. The plan involves a capital increase of a maximum of €150 million (inclusive of share premium) reserved for employees of French companies belonging to the Group  to be effected via a dedicated mutual fund (“FCPE”)  the units in which are subject to a lock-up period of five years except where early release is allowed under the law. The effect will be the issuance of a maximum of 6 845 564 new Bouygues shares at a subscription price of €21.912. The FCPE will exercise the voting rights attached to the newly issued shares.In accordance with provisions of the French Labour Code  the subscription price is equal to 70% of the average opening quoted market prices of the share on the twenty trading days preceding the date of the decision setting the opening date of the subscription period. The subscription period will run from 26 May to 12 June 2023 inclusive.The new shares to be issued will rank for dividend from 1 January 2023. They will be admitted for trading on the Euronext Paris market (on the same quotation line as existing Bouygues shares) as soon as possible after completion of the capital increase  which is scheduled for 27 June 2023. As a reminder  8 045 000 shares were cancelled in 2022  notably  in anticipation of this transaction.This plan gives Bouygues employees  including those of the recently integrated French entities belonging to Equans  a stake in the Group’s development and performance over the long term  and demonstrates yet again the proactive approach to employee share ownership which is a core component of the Group’s culture and values.ABOUT BOUYGUESBouygues is a diversified services group operating in over 80 countries with 196 000 employees all working to make life better every day. Its business activities in construction (Bouygues Construction Bouygues Immobilier  Colas)  energies and services (Equans) media (TF1) and telecoms (Bouygues Telecom) are able to drive growth since they all satisfy constantly changing and essential needs.PRESS CONTACT:presse@bouygues.com • Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 20 12 01BOUYGUES SA • 32 avenue Hoche • 75378 Paris CEDEX 08 • bouygues.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE', 'PLAN', 'average opening quoted market prices', 'new leveraged employee share ownership plan', 'Euronext Paris market', 'dedicated mutual fund', 'same quotation line', 'French Labour Code', 'twenty trading days', '6,845,564 new Bouygues shares', 'existing Bouygues shares', 'diversified services group', 'new shares', 'opening date', 'share premium', 'Paris CEDEX', 'PLAN Bouygues', 'French companies', 'French entities', 'capital increase', 'lock-up period', 'five years', 'early release', 'subscription price', 'voting rights', 'subscription period', 'long term', 'proactive approach', 'core component', 'business activities', 'essential needs', 'PRESS CONTACT', '32 avenue Hoche', 'BOUYGUES CONFIANCE', 'Bouygues Immobilier', 'Bouygues Telecom', 'BOUYGUES SA', 'The FCPE', 'Equans) media', 'Bouygues Construction', 'Bouygues employees', '8,045,000 shares', '196,000 employees', 'maximum', 'units', 'law', 'effect', 'issuance', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'decision', '26 May', '12 June', '1 January', 'completion', '27 June', 'reminder', 'anticipation', 'transaction', 'stake', 'development', 'performance', 'culture', 'values', '80 countries', 'life', 'Colas', 'energies', 'TF', 'telecoms', 'growth', 'presse', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '1 44']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23000,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Press-release-Orange-announces-the-results-of-its-tender-offer-on-outstanding-NC2024-hybrid-notes-43492296/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Press release : Orange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Paris  14 April 2023   Not for distribution in the United States of America   Orange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes Orange announces today the results of the tender offer launc…,Press releaseParis  14 April 2023Not for distribution in the United States of AmericaOrange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notesOrange announces today the results of the tender offer launched on 5 April 2023 (the “Tender Offer”) in relation to its €1 000 000 000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes with first call date on 7 February 2024 (ISIN XS1028599287) (the “Notes”).The aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase is €801 657 000. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding after settlement date  which is expected to be 18 April 2023  will be €198 343 000.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan « Lead the future »  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. « Lead the future » capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com/   and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr .Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact:Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11CAUTION: NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATESThis press release  of a purely informative nature  is not and cannot in any way be construed as an offering to sell any securities  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy securities  in any jurisdiction  including the United States  Japan  Australia  Canada and the United Kingdom. The securities mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933  as modified. They cannot be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. No public offer of these securities has been or will be made in the United States or elsewhere.Attachment,neutral,0.27,0.73,0.01,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', 'Press release', 'tender offer', 'Orange', 'results', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', '€1,000,000,000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call', 'aggregate principal amount', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'first call date', 'leading telecommunications operators', '242 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'US Securities Act', '287 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'settlement date', 'leading provider', 'Orange Business', 'Press release', 'United States', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Tom Wright', 'informative nature', 'United Kingdom', 'tender offer', 'Rate Notes', 'public offer', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', '14 April', 'distribution', 'America', 'results', '5 April', 'relation', '7 February', 'ISIN', 'purchase', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'symbol', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'CAUTION', 'way', 'offering', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'registration', 'exemption', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23001,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646857/0/en/Press-release-Orange-announces-the-results-of-its-tender-offer-on-outstanding-NC2024-hybrid-notes.html,Press release : Orange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes,Press release  Paris  14 April 2023     Not for distribution in the United States of America     Orange announces the results of its tender offer on......,English FrenchPress releaseParis  14 April 2023Not for distribution in the United States of AmericaOrange announces the results of its tender offer on outstanding NC2024 hybrid notesOrange announces today the results of the tender offer launched on 5 April 2023 (the “Tender Offer”) in relation to its €1 000 000 000 Undated 10 Year Non-Call Deeply Subordinated Fixed to Reset Rate Notes with first call date on 7 February 2024 (ISIN XS1028599287) (the “Notes”).The aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase is €801 657 000. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding after settlement date  which is expected to be 18 April 2023  will be €198 343 000.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan « Lead the future »  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. « Lead the future » capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com/   and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr .Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact:Tom Wright: tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11CAUTION: NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATESThis press release  of a purely informative nature  is not and cannot in any way be construed as an offering to sell any securities  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy securities  in any jurisdiction  including the United States  Japan  Australia  Canada and the United Kingdom. The securities mentioned in this press release have not been and will not be registered pursuant to the US Securities Act of 1933  as modified. They cannot be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. No public offer of these securities has been or will be made in the United States or elsewhere.Attachment,neutral,0.27,0.73,0.01,negative,0.0,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', 'Press release', 'tender offer', 'Orange', 'results', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'outstanding NC2024 hybrid notes', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', '1,000,000,000 Undated 10 Year Non', 'aggregate principal amount', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '242 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', 'first call date', 'US Securities Act', '287 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'settlement date', 'leading provider', 'Orange Business', 'English French', 'Press release', 'United States', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Tom Wright', 'informative nature', 'United Kingdom', 'tender offer', 'Rate Notes', 'public offer', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', '14 April', 'distribution', 'America', 'results', '5 April', 'relation', '7 February', 'ISIN', 'purchase', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'symbol', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'CAUTION', 'way', 'offering', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'registration', 'exemption', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23002,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647051/0/en/VRANKEN-POMMERY-MONOPOLE-AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-2022-REFERENCE-DOCUMENT.html,VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE - AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 REFERENCE DOCUMENT,Press Release  VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE  AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT  Including the Annual Financial Report  Reims  April...,"English FrenchPress ReleaseVRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLEAVAILABILITY OF THE 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTIncluding the Annual Financial ReportReims  April 14th 2023VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document  with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  on 13th April 2023  under number D.23-0280.This document includes :the Annual Financial Report  including the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments the Board of Directors' corporate governance report information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors  andthe required information in relation to the share repurchase program.It is available to the public under conditions provided by regulations and can be download on the website of the Group :https://www.vrankenpommery.com/finance/communiques-et-information-reglementeeThe Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website ( www.amf-france.org ).About Vranken-Pommery MonopoleVranken-Pommery Monopole is a leading wine player in Europe and the second largest champagne group.The group manages 2 600 hectares of land  owned outright or under lease and spread over four vineyards in Champagne  Provence  Camargue and Douro. The group’s activities include wine-growing  wine-making  distribution and marketing  with a strong commitment to the promotion of terroirs  sustainable wine-growing and environmental conservation.Its brand portfolio includes:the Vranken  Pommery & Greno  Heidsieck & Co Monopole  Charles Lafitte and Bissinger & Co champagnes; the Rozès and Sao Pédro port wines and the Terras do Grifo Douro wines; the Domaine Royal de Jarras and Pink Flamingo Camargue wines the Château La Gordonne  and Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines; the Louis Pommery California  Louis Pommery England and Brut de France sparkling wines.Vranken-Pommery Monopole is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris (""VRAP"") and Brussels (""VRAB""). ISIN: FR0000062796.ContactsVranken-Pommery Monopole:Franck Delval  Financial Control Director+33 (0)3 26 61 62 34  comfi@vrankenpommery.fr MediaLaurent Poinsot  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 77 lpoinsot@image7.frClaire Doligez  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 25  cdoligez@image7.frCaroline Simon  +33 (0)1 53 70 74 65  caroline.simon@image7.frAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE', '2022 REFERENCE DOCUMENT', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Sao Pédro port wines', 'Château La Gordonne', 'Domaine Royal de Jarras', 'parent company financial statements', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'Chappelle Gordonne Provence wines', ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'second largest champagne group', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Brut de France', '2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Financial Control Director', 'corporate governance report', 'share repurchase program', 'leading wine player', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'Grifo Douro wines', 'Louis Pommery California', 'Louis Pommery England', 'Pink Flamingo Camargue', 'VRANKEN-POMMERY MONOPOLE Group', 'English French', 'Rozès', 'sparkling wines', 'management report', 'Co Monopole', 'Press Release', 'related-party agreements', 'four vineyards', 'strong commitment', 'environmental conservation', 'brand portfolio', 'Charles Lafitte', 'Co champagnes', 'Franck Delval', 'fr Media', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Claire Doligez', '13th April', 'sustainable wine-growing', 'Caroline Simon', 'AVAILABILITY', 'Reims', 'AMF', 'number', 'commitments', 'Board', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'public', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'website', 'vrankenpommery', 'communiques', 'reglementee', 'org', 'Europe', '2,600 hectares', 'activities', 'wine-making', 'distribution', 'marketing', 'promotion', 'terroirs', 'Greno', 'Heidsieck', 'Bissinger', 'Terras', 'Brussels', 'VRAB', 'ISIN', 'FR000006279', 'Contacts', 'image', 'Attachments', '1 53']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23003,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646813/0/en/BOUYGUES-BOUYGUES-CONFIANCE-N-12-EMPLOYEE-SHARE-OWNERSHIP-PLAN.html,BOUYGUES: BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN,BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN     Bouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan ......,English FrenchBOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLANBouygues has decided to launch a new leveraged employee share ownership plan  “Bouygues Confiance n°12”. The plan involves a capital increase of a maximum of €150 million (inclusive of share premium) reserved for employees of French companies belonging to the Group  to be effected via a dedicated mutual fund (“FCPE”)  the units in which are subject to a lock-up period of five years except where early release is allowed under the law. The effect will be the issuance of a maximum of 6 845 564 new Bouygues shares at a subscription price of €21.912. The FCPE will exercise the voting rights attached to the newly issued shares.In accordance with provisions of the French Labour Code  the subscription price is equal to 70% of the average opening quoted market prices of the share on the twenty trading days preceding the date of the decision setting the opening date of the subscription period. The subscription period will run from 26 May to 12 June 2023 inclusive.The new shares to be issued will rank for dividend from 1 January 2023. They will be admitted for trading on the Euronext Paris market (on the same quotation line as existing Bouygues shares) as soon as possible after completion of the capital increase  which is scheduled for 27 June 2023. As a reminder  8 045 000 shares were cancelled in 2022  notably  in anticipation of this transaction.This plan gives Bouygues employees  including those of the recently integrated French entities belonging to Equans  a stake in the Group’s development and performance over the long term  and demonstrates yet again the proactive approach to employee share ownership which is a core component of the Group’s culture and values.ABOUT BOUYGUESBouygues is a diversified services group operating in over 80 countries with 196 000 employees all working to make life better every day. Its business activities in construction (Bouygues Construction Bouygues Immobilier  Colas)  energies and services (Equans) media (TF1) and telecoms (Bouygues Telecom) are able to drive growth since they all satisfy constantly changing and essential needs.PRESS CONTACT:presse@bouygues.com • Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 20 12 01BOUYGUES SA • 32 avenue Hoche • 75378 Paris CEDEX 08 • bouygues.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['BOUYGUES CONFIANCE N°12 EMPLOYEE SHARE', 'PLAN', 'new leveraged employee share ownership plan', 'average opening quoted market prices', 'EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN Bouygues', 'Euronext Paris market', 'dedicated mutual fund', 'same quotation line', 'French Labour Code', 'twenty trading days', '6,845,564 new Bouygues shares', 'existing Bouygues shares', 'diversified services group', 'new shares', 'share premium', 'opening date', 'Paris CEDEX', 'English French', 'French companies', 'French entities', 'BOUYGUES CONFIANCE', 'Bouygues Immobilier', 'Bouygues Telecom', 'BOUYGUES SA', 'capital increase', 'lock-up period', 'five years', 'early release', 'subscription price', 'voting rights', 'subscription period', 'long term', 'proactive approach', 'core component', 'business activities', 'essential needs', 'PRESS CONTACT', '32 avenue Hoche', 'Bouygues Construction', 'The FCPE', 'Equans) media', 'Bouygues employees', '8,045,000 shares', '196,000 employees', 'maximum', 'units', 'law', 'effect', 'issuance', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'decision', '26 May', '12 June', '1 January', 'completion', '27 June', 'reminder', 'anticipation', 'transaction', 'stake', 'development', 'performance', 'culture', 'values', '80 countries', 'life', 'Colas', 'energies', 'TF', 'telecoms', 'growth', 'presse', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '1 44']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23004,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNH-INDUSTRIAL-N-V-14424308/news/CNH-Industrial-announces-voting-results-of-Annual-General-Meeting-and-publishes-2022-Sustainability-43496557/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,CNH Industrial announces voting results of Annual General Meeting and publishes 2022 Sustainability Report,(marketscreener.com) London  April 14  2023 Today  the Annual General Meeting of CNH Industrial N.V. approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report and a dividend of €0.36 per common share   and the AGM positively advised on the application of the Remunera…,London  April 14  2023Today  the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report (including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Separate Financial Statements of CNH Industrial N.V.) and a dividend of €0.36 per common share (equivalent to a total distribution of approximately €483 million)  and the AGM positively advised on the application of the Remuneration Policy in 2022.Suzanne Heywood and Scott W. Wine were appointed as executive directors. Elizabeth Bastoni  Howard W. Buffett  Richard J. Kramer  Karen Linehan  Alessandro Nasi  Vagn Sørensen and Åsa Tamsons were appointed as non-executive directors. In addition  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was appointed as independent auditor for the 2024 financial year.Details of all matters approved today by the AGM are available on the Company's website (www.cnhindustrial.com).***The dividend will be paid on May 3  2023. The outstanding common shares will be quoted ex-dividend from April 24  2023  and the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023 on both Euronext Milan and the NYSE. Shareholders holding the Company’s common shares that on the record date are traded on the NYSE will receive the dividend in U.S. dollars at the official USD/EUR exchange rate of April 20  2023 reported by the European Central Bank.***Concurrently with the AGM  the Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report. This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the main international frameworks for sustainability reporting. It includes the previous sustainability priorities  related strategic targets and the main results achieved by CNH IndustrialTo consult the Report online  visit: bit.ly/CNHISustainabilityReport22CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions.Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 40 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CNH Industrial', 'voting results', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', '2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Scott W. Wine', 'Howard W. Buffett', 'Richard J. Kramer', 'Vagn Sørensen', 'U.S. dollars', 'USD/EUR exchange rate', 'European Central Bank', 'R&D capabilities', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'main international frameworks', 'previous sustainability priorities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'outstanding common shares', 'GRI Standards', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '2024 financial year', 'main results', 'latest financial', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'sustainability reporting', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'sustainability reports', 'total distribution', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'executive directors', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'Karen Linehan', 'Alessandro Nasi', 'Åsa Tamsons', 'independent auditor', 'record date', 'Euronext Milan', 'Core Option', 'strategic targets', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '40,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'Media Relations', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'Investor Relations', 'services company', 'The Company', 'global company', 'London', 'April', 'AGM', 'CNHI', 'addition', 'Details', 'matters', 'website', 'May', 'dividend', 'NYSE', 'Shareholders', 'official', 'accordance', 'SASB', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23005,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647158/0/en/CNH-Industrial-announces-voting-results-of-Annual-General-Meeting-and-publishes-2022-Sustainability-Report.html,CNH Industrial announces voting results of Annual General Meeting and publishes 2022 Sustainability Report,London  April 14  2023    Today  the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS......,English ItalianLondon  April 14  2023Today  the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company’s 2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report (including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Separate Financial Statements of CNH Industrial N.V.) and a dividend of €0.36 per common share (equivalent to a total distribution of approximately €483 million)  and the AGM positively advised on the application of the Remuneration Policy in 2022.Suzanne Heywood and Scott W. Wine were appointed as executive directors. Elizabeth Bastoni  Howard W. Buffett  Richard J. Kramer  Karen Linehan  Alessandro Nasi  Vagn Sørensen and Åsa Tamsons were appointed as non-executive directors. In addition  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was appointed as independent auditor for the 2024 financial year.Details of all matters approved today by the AGM are available on the Company's website (www.cnhindustrial.com).***The dividend will be paid on May 3  2023. The outstanding common shares will be quoted ex-dividend from April 24  2023  and the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023 on both Euronext Milan and the NYSE. Shareholders holding the Company’s common shares that on the record date are traded on the NYSE will receive the dividend in U.S. dollars at the official USD/EUR exchange rate of April 20  2023 reported by the European Central Bank.***Concurrently with the AGM  the Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report. This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the main international frameworks for sustainability reporting. It includes the previous sustainability priorities  related strategic targets and the main results achieved by CNH IndustrialTo consult the Report online  visit: bit.ly/CNHISustainabilityReport22CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions.Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 40 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'CNH Industrial', 'voting results', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', '2022 EU–IFRS Annual Report', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Scott W. Wine', 'Howard W. Buffett', 'Richard J. Kramer', 'Vagn Sørensen', 'U.S. dollars', 'USD/EUR exchange rate', 'European Central Bank', 'R&D capabilities', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'main international frameworks', 'previous sustainability priorities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'outstanding common shares', 'GRI Standards', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '2024 financial year', 'main results', 'latest financial', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'sustainability reporting', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'sustainability reports', 'English Italian', 'total distribution', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'executive directors', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'Karen Linehan', 'Alessandro Nasi', 'Åsa Tamsons', 'independent auditor', 'record date', 'Euronext Milan', 'Core Option', 'strategic targets', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '40,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Media Relations', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'services company', 'The Company', 'Investor Relations', 'global company', 'London', 'April', 'AGM', 'CNHI', 'addition', 'Details', 'matters', 'website', 'May', 'dividend', 'NYSE', 'Shareholders', 'official', 'accordance', 'SASB', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23006,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43497160/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,WENDEL: Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) 2022 Universal Registration Document  Wendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority on Friday  April 14  2023. It is available  in French  to the publi…,2022 Universal Registration DocumentWendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on Friday  April 14  2023. It is available  in French  to the public pursuant to the regulations in force.It includes:the 2022 annual financial report the Supervisory Board’s report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors’ reports information regarding the fees paid in 2022 to the Statutory Auditors required information regarding the share buyback program the social  societal and environmental information constituting the statement of extra-financial performance.This document may be viewed under “Regulated information” and “Shareholders’ Meetings” in the “Investors” section of Wendel’s website (www.wendelgroup.com/en) as well as on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). It will also be available at the Company's head office  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris – France.An English version of the Universal Registration Document will be available on Wendel’s website no later thanApril 21  2023.Shareholders’ Meeting as of June 15  2023Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday June 15  2023  at 2:30 p.m. (Paris time) at the Verso Conference Center  located at 52 rue de la Victoire  75009 Paris.Agenda04.27.2023Q1 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (post-market release)06.15.2023Shareholders’ Meeting07.27.2023H1 2023 results — Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)10.26.2023Q3 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (post-market release)12.07.20232023 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook – Short-term: P-2 since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade Pirzadeh : + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot : +33 1 42 85 63 73c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux : +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch : +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse : +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt : +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.comKekst CNCTodd Fogarty: + 1 212 521 4854todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'WENDEL', 'Availability', 'Grand Mécène', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'leading listed investment firms', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'share buyback program', 'Verso Conference Center', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', '2022 annual financial report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'long-term development strategies', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'innovative, high-growth companies', '52 rue de', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'social, societal', 'extra-financial performance', 'Investors” section', 'amf-france.org', 'head office', 'English version', 'la Victoire', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Olivier Allot', 'Lucile Roch', 'Olivier Labesse', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'Kekst CNC', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'portfolio companies', 'required information', 'environmental information', 'Regulated information', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Todd Fogarty', 'Thursday June', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', '75008 Paris', '75009 Paris', 'Friday', 'April', 'public', 'regulations', 'force', 'fees', 'website', 'wendelgroup', 'Company', '2-4', 'Agenda', 'NAV', 'March', 'September', 'Europe', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'Twitter', 'Analyst', 'Primatice', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment', '2:30', '6']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENERGY-TRANSITION-PARTNER-124844124/news/Energy-Transition-Partners-B-Press-Release-Energy-Transition-Partners-B-V-publishes-2022-Annual-R-43491438/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Energy Transition Partners B : Press Release Energy Transition Partners B.V. publishes 2022 Annual Report,(marketscreener.com)   Not for release  publication or distribution in the United States  Australia  Canada or Japan.   NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR FORWARDING  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OF AME…,"Not for release  publication or distribution in the United States  Australia  Canada or Japan.NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR FORWARDING  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS PUBLICATION.Press ReleaseEnergy Transition Partners B.V. publishes 2022 Annual ReportAMSTERDAM  April 14 - Energy Transition Partners B.V. (""Energy Transition Partners"" or the ""Company"")  a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) listed on Euronext Amsterdam  today published its annual report for the year ended 31 December 2022.The full report can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of the Energy Transition Partners website via the following link:https://www.entpa.nl/investor-relations/default.aspxThe annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company will be held during Q2 2023  at which the Annual Report 2022 will be discussed. The agenda of the AGM and related materials will be published in due course.The Company's financial report for the year 2022 referenced in this press release may include forward- looking statements  which are based on the Company's current expectations and projections about future events and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ''believes''  ""aims""  ""forecasts""  ""continues""  ''estimates''  ''plans''  ''projects''  ''anticipates''  ''expects''  ''intends''  ''may''  ''will'' or ''should'' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth or strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This press release is not for release  distribution or publication  whether directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part  in or into the United States  Canada  Australia  Japan or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.Contact:Stefan Simons  DirectorCFF CommunicationsT +31 (0)20 575 4073 | M +31 (0)6 203 007 96",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['Energy Transition Partners', 'Press Release', 'B.V.', '2022 Annual Report', 'Energy Transition Partners B.V.', 'Energy Transition Partners website', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'Investor Relations section', 'annual general meeting', 'forward- looking statements', '2022 Annual Report', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'full report', 'following link', 'entpa.nl', 'related materials', 'due course', 'financial report', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'current view', 'financial position', 'South Africa', 'relevant laws', 'Stefan Simons', 'CFF Communications', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Press Release', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'inside information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'other risks', 'publication', 'distribution', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'FORWARDING', 'WHOLE', 'AMERICA', 'SUCH', 'April', 'SPAC', 'year', 'investor-relations', 'shareholders', 'Q2 2023', 'agenda', 'AGM', 'projections', 'date', 'terms', 'forecasts', 'plans', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'business', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'obligation', 'meaning', 'Article', 'violation', 'Contact', 'Director']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIVORYON-THERAPEUTICS-N-V-60857040/news/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-to-Report-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-and-Operational-Progress-on-A-43490874/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Report Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Operational Progress on April 19  2023,(marketscreener.com) Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Report Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Operational Progress on April 19  2023 Halle / Munich  Germany  April 14  2023 - Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.   a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and …,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. to Report Full Year 2022 Financial Resultsand Operational Progress on April 19  2023Halle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  April 14  2023 - Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced that it will publish its financial results for the full year 2022 and provide a corporate update on Wednesday  April 19  2023. The Company will host a conference call and webcast open to the public. The report will be available for download on the Company's website (https://www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/financial-information/).Conference call detailsDate: April 19  2023Time: 03:00 pm CEST / 09:00 am EDTThe conference call will be available via phone and webcast.The live audio webcast of the call will be available of the Vivoryon website at: https://www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/news-and-events/presentations-webcasts/To join the conference call via phone  participants may pre-register and will receive dedicated dial-in details to easily and quickly access the call via the following website: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI4258c63704394e8283359d44ef59a7eaIt is suggested participants dial into the conference call 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time to avoid any delays in attendance.###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.eu,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Progress', 'April', 'Investor Contact Stern IR', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'innovative small molecule-based medicines', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Conference call details Date', 'small molecule inhibitors', 'small molecule medicines', 'clinical stage company', 'Phase 2 clinical development', 'scheduled start time', 'future financial results', 'other future conditions', 'annual financial statements', 'live audio webcast', 'Media Contact', 'financial effects', 'Actual results', 'other factors', 'future operations', 'Operational Progress', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'corporate update', 'dedicated dial', 'ground-breaking science', 'depth expertise', 'post-translational modifications', 'lead program', 'solid pipeline', 'various indications', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'business strategy', 'similar expressions', 'undue reliance', 'risk factors', 'Julie Seidel', 'Trophic Communications', 'Valeria Fisher', 'Vivoryon website', 'future performance', 'following website', 'future events', 'The Company', 'severe diseases', 'disease settings', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'management plans', 'April', 'Halle', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'Wednesday', 'public', 'report', 'download', 'investors-news', 'financial-information', 'EDT', 'phone', 'presentations', 'participants', 'vevent', 'delays', 'attendance', 'passion', 'innovation', 'lives', 'patients', 'need', 'varoglutamstat', 'Alzheimer', 'cancer', 'fibrosis', 'limitation', 'objectives', 'estimates', 'projections', 'respect', 'market', 'products', 'forecasts', 'Words', 'predict', 'will', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'trends', 'economy', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'outcome', 'obligation', 'law', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SternIR-Vivoryon', '03:00', '09:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/Boussard-Gavaudan-Cancellation-of-Shares-March-2023-43492194/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Boussard & Gavaudan : Cancellation of Shares March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited    a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of   Guernsey with registration number 45582   CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURY   The …,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (""the Company"")a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws ofGuernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 850 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to 12 296 208 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 422 502 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 422 502 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company's shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).""12 April 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Boussard', 'Gavaudan', 'Cancellation', 'Shares', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,296,208 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,422,502 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'April', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Additional-Future-Royalty-Revenue-Stream-for-Nicox-from-2024-following-New-Drug-Application-Submissi-43490985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Additional Future Royalty Revenue Stream for Nicox from 2024 following New Drug Application Submission for ZERVIATE in China,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseAdditional Future Royalty Revenue Stream for Nicox from 2024 following New Drug Application Submission for ZERVIATE in China Nicox’s partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  submits a New Drug Application for ZERVIATE in ChinaZERVIA…,Nicox’s p artner  Ocumension Therapeutics  s ubmits a N ew D rug A pplication for ZERVIATE in ChinaZERVIATE ® approval and launch expected in China in 2024Additional future royalty revenue stream for Nicox with Ocumension forecasting potential annual net sales of >$100 million within 7 years April 14  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that its exclusive Chinese partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  has submitted a New Drug Application (NDA) for approval to commercialize ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24%  in China  for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. The approval process is expected to take around 12 months  leading to a potential launch of ZERVIATE in China in 2024. Ocumension plans to manufacture ZERVIATE in their new state-of-the-art purpose-built manufacturing facility located in Suzhou  China.“Ocumension is a strong partner for Nicox  and we are pleased to see the submission of this New Drug Application  following the completion of an additional Chinese Phase 3 trial carried out by Ocumension. Alongside a broad portfolio of ophthalmology assets in development  Ocumension has also built a commercial operation in China  which will be able to add ZERVIATE directly into their detailing activities upon approval.” said Gavin Spencer  Chief Business Officer of Nicox. “The approval and launch of ZERVIATE in 2024 would add another royalty revenue stream to Nicox  on potential annual net sales which Ocumension forecasts will be over $100 million within 7 years in China. We look forward to Ocumension also expanding the availability of ZERVIATE to the other Southeast Asian markets they have rights to.”“Having built our development pipeline  Ocumension is now seeing the fruits of that pipeline as products arrive at commercialization. ZERVIATE is the first of these to come from our valuable collaboration with Nicox  and we look forward to following this with NCX 470 in glaucoma.” said Liu Ye  Chief Executive Officer of Ocumension Therapeutics.ZERVIATE is the first and only eye drop formulation of the antihistamine cetirizine  the active ingredient in ZYRTEC®  and is currently commercialized in the U.S. for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. The prescription market for allergic conjunctivitis products in China is expected to grow to almost $500 million by 2030.The ZERVIATE NDA in China is supported by the data package licensed by Nicox to Ocumension and an additional Chinese Phase 3 clinical trial of ZERVIATE run by Ocumension. ZERVIATE was compared to emedastine difumarate ophthalmic solution  0.05%  an antihistamine marketed under the brand name EMADINE®. ZERVIATE was found to be non-inferior to emedastine difumarate in the primary efficacy endpoint of change from baseline in the itching score in the 24 hours prior to the Day 14 visit. ZERVIATE was safe and well-tolerated with no difference in the proportion of patients with adverse events compared to emedastine difumarate.ZERVIATE is exclusively licensed to Ocumension Therapeutics for development and commercialization in the Chinese and the majority of the Southeast Asian markets. All costs of commercialization are borne by Ocumension and Nicox may potentially receive sales milestones of up to US$17.2 million together with royalties of between 5% and 9% of net sales of ZERVIATE by Ocumension.Ocumension’s Press Release can be found here.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.11,0.05,True,English,"['Additional Future Royalty Revenue Stream', 'New Drug Application Submission', 'Nicox', 'ZERVIATE', 'China', 'N ew D rug A pplication', 'additional Chinese Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Additional future royalty revenue stream', 'additional Chinese Phase 3 trial', 'art purpose-built manufacturing facility', 'other Southeast Asian markets', 'potential annual net sales', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'eye drop formulation', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'exclusive Chinese partner', 'New Drug Application', 'international ophthalmology company', 'cetirizine ophthalmic solution', 'difumarate ophthalmic solution', 'allergic conjunctivitis products', 'The ZERVIATE NDA', 'sales milestones', 'potential launch', 'new state', 'strong partner', 'ophthalmology assets', 'emedastine difumarate', 'p artner', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'broad portfolio', 'commercial operation', 'detailing activities', 'Gavin Spencer', 'valuable collaboration', 'Liu Ye', 'antihistamine cetirizine', 'active ingredient', 'U.S.', 'prescription market', 'data package', 'brand name', 'itching score', 'Day 14 visit', 'adverse events', 'ocular itching', 'Press Release', 'approval process', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Nicox SA', 'development pipeline', 'ZERVIATE ® approval', 'ZERVIATE®', 'China', '7 years', 'April', 'France', '12 months', 'Suzhou', 'submission', 'completion', 'availability', 'rights', 'fruits', 'commercialization', 'NCX', 'glaucoma', 'first', 'ZYRTEC®', 'EMADINE®', 'change', 'baseline', '24 hours', 'difference', 'proportion', 'patients', 'majority', 'costs', 'royalties', '7:30']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-CT-Corporation-to-host-expert-attorney-panel-on-key-due-diligence-updates-for-2023-43495303/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation to host expert attorney panel on key due diligence updates for 2023,(marketscreener.com) The event will review the impact of new case law and updates to the Uniform Commercial Codehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-CT-Corporation-to-host-expert-attorney-panel-on-key-due-dilig…,The event will review the impact of new case law and updates to the Uniform Commercial CodeWolters Kluwer CT Corporation is assembling a virtual panel of expert lawyers to share insights into recent case law and trends poised to have a significant impact on how to approach due diligence in 2023. The continuing legal education (CLE) event – “Attorney Roundtable: Due Diligence Trends” – will feature leading attorneys from firms such as Parsons Behle & Latimer  Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner  and Mayer Brown  on April 18 at 1 PM ET.Moderated by Dan Lias  Transactional Business Consultant at Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation  the panel is tasked with exploring the practical impact of recent updates to the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC)  which includes revisions to Article 9 stating that a representative of the secured party can appear on the UCC financing statement in lieu of the secured party  as well as the implications that a new Article 12 has for electronic ledgers and cryptocurrency. Additionally  the expert lawyers assembled will review new case law stemming from 1944 Beach Boulevard  LLC v. Live Oak Banking Company and what it means for how law firms currently handle matters such as debtor naming and collateral descriptions.Lias works closely with CT Corporation’s law firm clients to enhance their due diligence searches and filings. Possessing considerable experience in both the corporate and law firm environment  Lias assists firms with developing cohesive due diligence strategies that align to their specific needs. He also conducts a wide range of CT Corporation seminars providing crucial insight into due diligence related topics spanning law firms  financial institutions and corporations.Panelist Shane L. Hanna  a Partner at Parsons Behle & Latimer  is a deal attorney with more than 25 years’ experience. He effectively and efficiently advises and guides clients to support their business objectives  providing valuable knowledge and insights at all stages.Bart D. Wall is a Partner at Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner and has substantial experience with both secured and unsecured financings  with a particular emphasis on secured financings and intercreditor and debt subordination negotiations.Barbara M. Goodstein is a Partner at Mayer Brown  where her experience consists of commercial and structured financing of transactions for a wide range of asset types. She also has extensive debt workout and restructuring experience.For nearly 130 years  Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation has been the leading provider of registered agent services  incorporation services  and legal entity compliance. It is part of Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance division and has a global reach into over 150 countries. More than 75 percent of Fortune 500 companies  95 percent of AmLaw 100 law firms  and 350 000 small businesses trust CT Corporation to handle their compliance needs.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230414005023/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'key due diligence updates', 'expert attorney panel', '2023', 'Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner', 'Panelist Shane L. Hanna', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Live Oak Banking Company', 'cohesive due diligence strategies', 'due diligence related topics', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'due diligence searches', 'CT Corporation seminars', 'Bart D. Wall', 'debt subordination negotiations', 'Barbara M. Goodstein', 'extensive debt workout', 'law firm environment', 'Transactional Business Consultant', 'deep domain knowledge', 'new case law', 'Due Diligence Trends', 'Uniform Commercial Code', 'recent case law', 'law firm clients', 'AmLaw 100 law firms', 'UCC financing statement', 'registered agent services', 'legal entity compliance', 'Corporate Compliance division', 'business objectives', 'valuable knowledge', 'structured financing', 'compliance needs', 'new Article', 'expert lawyers', 'Attorney Roundtable', 'leading attorneys', 'Parsons Behle', 'Mayer Brown', 'recent updates', 'electronic ledgers', '1944 Beach Boulevard', 'debtor naming', 'collateral descriptions', 'specific needs', 'wide range', 'crucial insight', 'deal attorney', 'unsecured financings', 'particular emphasis', 'asset types', 'leading provider', 'global reach', 'Fortune 500 companies', '350,000 small businesses', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'considerable experience', 'substantial experience', 'restructuring experience', 'secured party', 'significant impact', 'practical impact', 'virtual panel', 'CLE) event', 'Dan Lias', 'financial institutions', '25 years’ experience', '130 years', 'insights', 'Latimer', 'April', '1 PM', 'revisions', 'representative', 'lieu', 'implications', 'cryptocurrency', 'LLC', 'matters', 'filings', 'corporations', 'Partner', 'stages', 'intercreditor', 'transactions', '150 countries', 'More', '75 percent', '95 percent', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2647220/0/en/WENDEL-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document.html,WENDEL: Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,2022 Universal Registration Document       Wendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French......,English French2022 Universal Registration DocumentWendel’s Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on Friday  April 14  2023. It is available  in French  to the public pursuant to the regulations in force.It includes:the 2022 annual financial report the Supervisory Board’s report on corporate governance the Statutory Auditors’ reports information regarding the fees paid in 2022 to the Statutory Auditors required information regarding the share buyback program the social  societal and environmental information constituting the statement of extra-financial performance.This document may be viewed under “Regulated information” and “Shareholders’ Meetings” in the “Investors” section of Wendel’s website (www.wendelgroup.com/en) as well as on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). It will also be available at the Company's head office  located at 2-4  rue Paul-Cézanne  75008 Paris – France.An English version of the Universal Registration Document will be available on Wendel’s website no later thanApril 21  2023.Shareholders’ Meeting as of June 15  2023Wendel informs its shareholders that the Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Thursday June 15  2023  at 2:30 p.m. (Paris time) at the Verso Conference Center  located at 52 rue de la Victoire  75009 Paris.Agenda04.27.2023Q1 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of March 31  2023 (post-market release)06.15.2023Shareholders’ Meeting07.27.2023H1 2023 results — Publication of NAV as of June 30  2023  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)10.26.2023Q3 2023 Trading update — Publication of NAV as of September 30  2023 (post-market release)12.07.20232023 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook – Short-term: P-2 since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupPress contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade Pirzadeh : + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot : +33 1 42 85 63 73c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux : +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch : +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse : +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt : +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.comKekst CNCTodd Fogarty: + 1 212 521 4854todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'WENDEL', 'Availability', 'Grand Mécène', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'leading listed investment firms', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'share buyback program', 'Verso Conference Center', 'Q1 2023 Trading update', 'Q3 2023 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'leading market positions', '2022 annual financial report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'long-term development strategies', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'rue Paul-Cézanne', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'English French', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'social, societal', 'extra-financial performance', 'Investors” section', 'head office', 'English version', 'la Victoire', 'H1 2023 results', '2023 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Olivier Allot', 'Lucile Roch', 'Olivier Labesse', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'Kekst CNC', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'portfolio companies', 'required information', 'environmental information', 'Regulated information', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Todd Fogarty', 'Thursday June', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', '52 rue', '75008 Paris', '75009 Paris', 'AMF', 'Friday', 'April', 'public', 'regulations', 'force', 'fees', 'website', 'wendelgroup', 'Company', '2-4', 'France', 'Agenda', 'NAV', 'March', 'post', 'September', 'Europe', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'Twitter', 'Analyst', 'Primatice', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'Attachment', '2:30', '6']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43490984/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GB…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8386 £ 23.7016 Estimated MTD return 0.73 % 0.78 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.97 % Estimated ITD return 168.39 % 137.02 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9255 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4901The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXFORD-NANOPORE-TECHNOLOG-127643608/news/Oxford-Nanopore-and-bioMerieux-to-Enter-Into-a-Strategic-Partnership-Agreement-to-Develop-Innovative-43497372/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Oxford Nanopore and bioMérieux to Enter Into a Strategic Partnership Agreement to Develop Innovative Infectious Disease Diagnostics,(marketscreener.com) Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc   the company delivering a new generation of nanopore-based molecular sensing technology  and bioMérieux SA  a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics  today announced that they have teamed up t…,"Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc (LSE: ONT) (“Oxford Nanopore”)  the company delivering a new generation of nanopore-based molecular sensing technology  and bioMérieux SA  a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics  today announced that they have teamed up to improve health outcomes globally by exploring selected opportunities to bring nanopore sequencing to the infectious disease diagnostics market.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230414005303/en/The companies are jointly exploring selected opportunities to advance patient care by providing access to nanopore-based clinical research and in vitro diagnostic (IVD) solutions.Nanopore-based sequencing is a novel technology that enables analysis of long DNA or RNA fragments. It works by monitoring changes to an electrical current as nucleic acids are passed through a protein nanopore. The resulting signal is decoded to provide the specific DNA or RNA sequence. The unique real-time  scalable features of this technology make it ideal for the rapid and cost-effective characterization of pathogens in clinical samples.Offering rapid and accurate identification of microbial pathogens and associated antimicrobial resistance  Oxford Nanopore is uniquely positioned to deliver nanopore-based sequencing solutions that provide comprehensive results and reduce time to results for infectious diseases research and diagnostic applications.Initial areas of collaboration will include a test for determining antibiotic resistance of tuberculosis; an assay to identify pathogens in normally sterile clinical samples; and validating Oxford Nanopore's sequencing platform with BIOMÉRIEUX EPISEQ® CS application for rapid infection outbreak monitoring in patient-care settings.Gordon Sanghera  Oxford Nanopore Technologies Chief Executive Officer  commented: “We are pleased to partner with bioMérieux’s IVD expertise to add powerful new tools for the fight against infectious disease. By offering rapid and accurate identification of pathogens and associated antimicrobial resistance  at scale  we hope to better equip the specialists for whom speed and access to comprehensive data is key.”Alexandre Mérieux  bioMérieux Chairman and CEO  commented: “We are excited to enter into a research partnership with Oxford Nanopore in the field of infectious diseases. New technologies such as sequencing hold promise to improve diagnostics and patient care; our teams will collaborate in this direction.”About bioMérieux:PIONEERING DIAGNOSTICSA world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics since 1963  bioMérieux is present in 45 countries and serves more than 160 countries with the support of a large network of distributors. In 2022  revenues reached €3.6 billion  with over 90% of sales outside of France. bioMérieux provides diagnostic solutions (systems  reagents  software and services) which determine the source of disease and contamination to improve patient health and ensure consumer safety. Its products are mainly used for diagnosing infectious diseases. They are also used for detecting microorganisms in food  pharmaceutical and cosmetic products. Learn more: www.biomerieux.combioMérieux is listed on the Euronext Paris stock market. Symbol: BIM – ISIN Code: FR0013280286 Reuters: BIOX.PA/Bloomberg: BIM.FPAbout Oxford Nanopore TechnologiesOxford Nanopore Technologies’ goal is to bring the widest benefits to society through enabling the analysis of anything  by anyone  anywhere. The company has developed a new generation of nanopore-based sensing technology for real-time  high-performance  accessible and scalable analysis of DNA and RNA. The technology is used in more than 120 countries to understand the biology of humans and diseases such as cancer  plants  animals  bacteria  viruses and whole environments. Oxford Nanopore Technologies products are intended for molecular biology applications and are not intended for diagnostic purposes. www.nanoporetech.comForward-looking statementsThis announcement contains certain forward-looking statements. For example  statements regarding expected revenue growth and profit margins are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as ""aim""  ""plan""  “expect”  ""intend""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""target""  and similar expressions of a future or forward-looking nature should also be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements address our expected future business and financial performance and financial condition  and by definition address matters that are  to different degrees  uncertain. Our results could be affected by macroeconomic conditions  the COVID-19 pandemic  delays in our receipt of components or our delivery of products to our customers  suspensions of large projects and/or acceleration of large products or accelerated adoption of pathogen surveillance. These or other uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230414005303/en/",neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,mixed,0.47,0.26,0.27,True,English,"['Innovative Infectious Disease Diagnostics', 'Strategic Partnership Agreement', 'Oxford Nanopore', 'bioMérieux', 'Oxford Nanopore Technologies Chief Executive Officer', 'BIOMÉRIEUX EPISEQ® CS application', 'Euronext Paris stock market', 'unique real-time, scalable features', 'Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc', 'Oxford Nanopore Technologies’ goal', 'rapid infection outbreak monitoring', 'nanopore-based molecular sensing technology', 'Oxford Nanopore Technologies products', 'vitro diagnostic (IVD) solutions', 'infectious disease diagnostics market', 'real-time, high-performance, accessible', 'nanopore-based sensing technology', 'associated antimicrobial resistance', 'Alexandre Mérieux', 'nanopore-based clinical research', 'bioMérieux SA', 'bioMérieux Chairman', 'powerful new tools', 'sterile clinical samples', 'nanopore-based sequencing solutions', 'molecular biology applications', 'expected revenue growth', 'infectious diseases research', 'in vitro diagnostics', 'actual future results', 'New technologies', 'diagnostic solutions', 'nanopore sequencing', 'protein nanopore', 'diagnostic applications', 'IVD expertise', 'antibiotic resistance', 'research partnership', 'diagnostic purposes', 'PIONEERING DIAGNOSTICS', 'scalable analysis', 'new generation', 'novel technology', 'world leader', 'health outcomes', 'press release', 'full release', 'patient care', 'electrical current', 'nucleic acids', 'resulting signal', 'cost-effective characterization', 'accurate identification', 'Initial areas', 'sequencing platform', 'patient-care settings', 'Gordon Sanghera', 'comprehensive data', 'large network', 'patient health', 'consumer safety', 'cosmetic products', 'ISIN Code', 'widest benefits', 'profit margins', 'similar expressions', 'looking nature', 'future business', 'financial performance', 'financial condition', 'different degrees', 'macroeconomic conditions', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'large projects', 'large products', 'pathogen surveillance', 'other uncertainties', 'comprehensive results', 'Forward-looking statements', 'long DNA', 'specific DNA', 'source version', 'microbial pathogens', 'LSE', 'company', 'field', 'opportunities', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'companies', 'fragments', 'changes', 'sequence', 'collaboration', 'test', 'tuberculosis', 'assay', 'fight', 'scale', 'specialists', 'speed', 'CEO', 'promise', 'teams', 'direction', '45 countries', '160 countries', 'support', 'distributors', 'revenues', 'sales', 'France', 'systems', 'reagents', 'software', 'services', 'contamination', 'microorganisms', 'food', 'pharmaceutical', 'Symbol', 'BIM', 'Reuters', 'BIOX', 'PA/Bloomberg', 'FP', 'society', 'enabling', '120 countries', 'humans', 'cancer', 'plants', 'animals', 'bacteria', 'viruses', 'whole', 'environments', 'nanoporetech', 'announcement', 'example', 'Phrases', 'aim', 'target', 'definition', 'matters', 'delays', 'receipt', 'components', 'delivery', 'customers', 'suspensions', 'acceleration', 'adoption']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43490983/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8386 £ 23.7016 Estimated MTD return 0.73 % 0.78 % Estimated YTD return -3.35 % -2.97 % Estimated ITD return 168.39 % 137.02 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.03 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.41 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.9255 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.4901The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646924/0/en/Iveco-Group-announces-the-results-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-the-publication-of-its-2022-Sustainability-Report-and-the-launch-of-an-initial-55-million-euro-tranche-of-its-share-.html,Iveco Group announces the results of the Annual General Meeting  the publication of its 2022 Sustainability Report  and the launch of an initial 55 million euro tranche of its share buyback program,Turin  14th April 2023. Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) (the Company or IVG) announces that its shareholders approved all the resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors (the Board) at their Annual General Meeting (AGM) held today in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.,Turin  14th April 2023. Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) (the Company or IVG) announces that its shareholders approved all the resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors (the Board) at their Annual General Meeting (AGM) held today in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.The AGM:adopted the 2022 Annual Financial Statements;expressed a majority of votes in favour of the Remuneration Report for the Financial Year 2022;granted Executive and Non-Executive Directors discharge from liability for the exercise of their duties in the Financial Year 2022;reappointed Suzanne Heywood and Gerrit Marx as Executive Directors  and Tufan Erginbilgic  Essimari Kairisto  Linda Knoll  Alessandro Nasi  Olof Persson  Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas and Lorenzo Simonelli as Non-Executive Directors of the Company. Subsequently  the Board confirmed Ms Heywood  Mr Marx and Mr Simonelli as Chairperson  Chief Executive Officer and Senior Non-Executive Director  respectively;authorised the Board to repurchase up to 10 000 000 Common Shares with a maximum total allocation of €130 000 000 for a period of 18 months from the date of the AGM.Details of all matters discussed today at the AGM are available on the Company’s website (www.ivecogroup.com)  where the Chairperson’s and the Chief Executive Officer’s presentations  as well as the voting results  will be posted shortly.***Concurrently  the Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report  which is available on the corporate website (www.ivecogroup.com).This is Iveco Group’s first Sustainability Report as an independent Company. It was written in line with multiple international reporting requirements and sustainability reporting guidelines  and it outlines Iveco Group’s plan to become increasingly sustainable and the Company’s ESG achievements in 2022.***The Company also announces that it launches today an initial tranche (up to € 55 000 000) of its share buyback program with the aim of repurchasing up to 10 000 000 Common Shares for a maximum total allocation of € 130 000 000 for the whole buyback initiative  as outlined above.The initial tranche of the buyback program will end on 20th December 2023 (subject to suspension or early termination) and will be carried out pursuant to the terms and conditions of the authorisation granted at the AGM  in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including the European Commission Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052. The Company has engaged a primary financial institution as the intermediary to manage the purchase of IVG Common Shares on Euronext Milan and on multilateral trading facilities; this financial institution will make its trading decisions independent of the Company. The repurchased Common Shares will be used to meet the Company’s obligations under its equity incentive plans  as existing from time to time.Any changes to the information above will be promptly disclosed. The Company will report on the progress of the purchases in accordance with the applicable rules.As of today  the Company holds in treasury 71 945 Special Voting Shares  and no Common Shares. No IVG shares are held by entities the Company controls.Iveco Group N.V. (MI: IVG) is the home of unique people and brands that power your business and mission to advance a more sustainable society. The eight brands are each a major force in its specific business: IVECO  a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs  manufactures  and markets heavy  medium  and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial  a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture  construction  marine  power generation  and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ  mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; IDV  for highly-specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA  a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; MAGIRUS  the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL  the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs more than 35 000 people around the world and has 26 manufacturing plants and 29 R&D centres. Further information is available on the Company’s website www.ivecogroup.comMedia Contacts:Francesco Polsinelli  Mob: +39 335 1776091Fabio Lepore  Mob: +39 335 7469007E-mail: mediarelations@ivecogroup.comInvestor Relations:Federico Donati  Tel: +39 011 0073539E-mail: investor.relations@ivecogroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['initial 55 million euro tranche', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share buyback program', 'Iveco Group', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'results', 'publication', 'launch', 'multiple international reporting requirements', 'pioneering commercial vehicles brand', 'treasury 71,945 Special Voting Shares', 'Iveco Group N.V.', 'commercial vehicles sectors', 'sustainability reporting guidelines', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas', 'maximum total allocation', 'European Commission Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'equity incentive plans', 'advanced powertrain technologies', 'large-scale heavy-duty quarry', 'industry-reputed firefighting vehicle', '29 R&D centres', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'civil protection equipment', '2022 Annual Financial Statements', 'Senior Non-Executive Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'first Sustainability Report', 'primary financial institution', 'share buyback program', 'No IVG shares', 'IVG Common Shares', 'voting results', '2022 Sustainability Report', '10,000,000 Common Shares', 'trading decisions', 'construction vehicles', 'equipment manufacturer', 'Financial Year', 'IVECO BUS', 'IVECO CAPITAL', 'Remuneration Report', 'buyback initiative', 'Non-Executive Directors', '14th April', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'Gerrit Marx', 'Tufan Erginbilgic', 'Essimari Kairisto', 'Linda Knoll', 'Alessandro Nasi', 'Olof Persson', 'Lorenzo Simonelli', 'Ms Heywood', 'Mr Marx', 'Mr Simonelli', 'ESG achievements', 'initial tranche', '20th December', 'early termination', 'applicable laws', 'Euronext Milan', 'applicable rules', 'sustainable society', 'major force', 'light-duty trucks', 'FPT Industrial', 'vast array', 'power generation', 'premium bus', 'financing arm', '26 manufacturing plants', 'Media Contacts', 'Francesco Polsinelli', 'Fabio Lepore', 'Federico Donati', 'eight brands', 'coach brands', 'unique people', 'specific business', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'corporate website', 'independent Company', 'Investor Relations', 'The Company', 'The AGM', '35,000 people', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'majority', 'votes', 'favour', 'liability', 'exercise', 'duties', 'Chairperson', 'period', '18 months', 'date', 'Details', 'matters', 'presentations', 'aim', 'suspension', 'terms', 'conditions', 'authorisation', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'intermediary', 'purchase', 'obligations', 'time', 'changes', 'progress', 'accordance', 'today', 'entities', 'home', 'manufactures', 'markets', 'agriculture', 'marine', 'HEULIEZ', 'mass-transit', 'IDV', 'defence', 'ASTRA', 'MAGIRUS', 'world', 'Mob', 'mail', 'mediarelations', 'ivecogroup', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALP-ENERGIA-SGPS-S-A-35373/news/Galp-Energia-SGPS-S-A-informs-about-weekly-report-on-share-repurchase-transactions-43498118/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Galp Energia SGPS S A : informs about weekly report on share repurchase transactions,(marketscreener.com)   April 14  2023   Weekly report on share repurchases   In the context of the share repurchase programme of Galp Energia SGPS  SA's ordinary shares with the purpose to reduce the issued share capital  the Company informs about the…,"April 14  2023Weekly report on share repurchasesIn the context of the share repurchase programme of Galp Energia SGPS  SA's ordinary shares with the purpose to reduce the issued share capital  the Company informs about the transactions occurred during the period from 10 April 2023 to 14 April 2023 (inclusive).According to the information provided by the intermediary appointed to make the purchases  Galp has acquired shares in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):Day Number of Shares Weighted Average Price (€/sh) Transactions Amount (€k) 12/04/2023 1 538 €10.8723 €17 13/04/2023 58 188 €10.8831 €633 14/04/2023 102 461 €10.9303 €1 120Galp has currently 7 339 935 treasury shares (equivalent to 0.89% of the share capital)  which were bought for an aggregate amount of €78.4 m.All the detailed information regarding Galp's buyback programmes  including the details on daily trades  are available on our website  here.Galp Energia  SGPS  S.A.Investor Relations: Contacts: Website: www.galp.com/corp/en/ Otelo Ruivo  Director Tel: +351 21 724 08 66 Email: investor.relations@galp.com João G. Pereira Teresa Toscano Address: Reuters: GALP.LS Tommaso Fornaciari Rua Tomás da Fonseca  Bloomberg: GALP PL César Teixeira Torre A  1600-209 Lisbon  PortugalThis document may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements express future expectations that are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date they are disclosed and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such those statements. Accordingly  neither Galp nor any other person can assure that its future results  performance or events will meet those expectations  nor assume any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Galp to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections  and assumptions. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the future  gerund or conditional tense or the use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""consider""  ""could""  ""develop""  ""envision""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""goals""  ""intend""  ""may''  ""objectives""  ""outlook""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""probably""  ""project""  ""pursue""  ""risks""  ""schedule""  ""seek""  ""should""  ""target""  ""think""  ""will"" or the negative of these terms and similar terminology. This document may include data and information provided by third parties  which are not publicly available. Such data and information should not be interpreted as advice and you should not rely on it for any purpose. You may not copy or use this data and information except as expressly permitted by those third parties in writing. To the fullest extent permitted by law  those third parties accept no responsibility for your use of such data and information except as specified in a written agreement you may have entered into with those third parties for the provision of such data and information. Galp and its respective representatives  agents  employees or advisers do not intend to  and expressly disclaim any duty  undertaking or obligation to  make or disseminate any supplement  amendment  update or revision to any of the information  opinions or forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions or circumstances. This document does not constitute investment advice nor forms part of and should not be construed as an offer to sell or issue or the solicitation of an offer to buy or otherwise acquire securities of Galp or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates in any jurisdiction or an inducement to engage in any investment activity in any jurisdiction.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Galp Energia SGPS S A', 'share repurchase transactions', 'weekly report', 'LS Tommaso Fornaciari Rua Tomás da Fonseca', 'GALP PL César Teixeira Torre A', 'João G. Pereira Teresa Toscano', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'S.A.', 'share repurchase programme', 'Galp Energia SGPS', 'market risks', 'share repurchases', 'share capital', 'Weekly report', 'Day Number', 'Average Price', 'aggregate amount', 'buyback programmes', 'daily trades', 'Otelo Ruivo', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'other person', 'future results', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'future, gerund', 'conditional tense', 'similar terminology', 'third parties', 'fullest extent', 'written agreement', 'respective representatives', 'investment activity', 'unknown risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'ordinary shares', 'Transactions Amount', '7,339,935 treasury shares', 'investment advice', 'future expectations', 'Such data', 'detailed information', 'Investor Relations', '9 Lisbon', 'GALP.', 'April', 'context', 'purpose', 'Company', 'period', 'intermediary', 'table', 'details', 'website', 'Contacts', 'Director', 'Email', 'Address', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Portugal', 'document', 'management', 'assumptions', 'date', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'responsibility', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'use', 'terms', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'schedule', 'writing', 'law', 'provision', 'agents', 'employees', 'advisers', 'duty', 'undertaking', 'obligation', 'supplement', 'amendment', 'revision', 'opinions', 'change', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'forms', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'jurisdiction', 'inducement', '1600']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/14/2646803/0/en/RIBER-2022-full-year-earnings-positive.html,RIBER: 2022 full-year earnings positive,Press release   2022 full-year earnings positive   Business impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations...,French EnglishPress release2022 full-year earnings positiveBusiness impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations stable at €1.3mPositive net income of €0.2m2023 objectives: revenues of around €40m and improvement in profitabilityProposed payout of €0.05 per share for FY 2022Christian Dupont appointed as Chairman of the Executive BoardBezons  April 14  2023 - 8:00am - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is releasing its full-year earnings for 2022.(€M - at December 31) 2022 2021 Change Revenues 27.8 31.2 - €3.4m MBE systems revenues 14.8 17.4 - €2.6m Services and accessories revenues 13.0 13.8 - €0.8m Gross margin% of revenues 9.835.2% 11.135.4% - €1.3m Income from ordinary operations% of revenues 1.34.7% 1.34.1% - €0.0m Operating income% of revenues 0.00.0% 1.34.1% - €1.3m Pre-tax income from ordinary operations% of revenues 0.41.5% 1.75.5% - €1.3m Net income% of revenues 0.20.6% 1.54.7% - €1.3mKey developmentsDuring FY 2022  RIBER recorded a strong level of commercial development  as shown by its high order intake  including 14 systems and an option for an additional four systems. Nevertheless  the supply chain disruption affecting electronic components resulted in the deferral of the delivery of two research systems to 2023  representing a total of €2.9m  despite the Company’s efforts to diversify its sourcing capacity.In addition  RIBER has stopped marketing a range of evaporators for the OLED market.RevenuesIn this context  2022 full-year revenues came to €27.8m  down -11% from 2021. Sales of MBE systems contracted -15% to €14.8m  for six machines delivered  compared with eight in 2021. Sales of services and accessories are down -6% from a high basis for comparison to €13.0m  representing 46.8% of 2022 revenues.EarningsThe gross margin came to €9.8m  representing 35.2% of revenues  stable versus 2021(35.4%).Operating expenditure is stable (€9.8m). R&D investments totaled €3.2m  representing 12% of revenues  stable compared with 2021. Sales and marketing costs are up (+18% in line with the strong growth in order intake)  while administrative costs are stable overall.Income from ordinary operations amounted to €1.3m  comparable to 2021.Operating income broke even  compared with a €1.3m profit in 2021. It is impacted by non-current charges for €1.3m  in particular due to the decision to discontinue the OLED evaporator product line  which led to the depreciation of inventories.Net income totaled €0.2m  compared with €1.5m in 2021. In 2022  it included +€0.4m of financial income and expenses  linked primarily to the revaluation in euros of receivables denominated in US dollars and Yuan.Cash flow and balance sheetThe cash position at end-2022 was positive at €6.1m  up +€0.2m from the end of 2021. This change reflects the good level of cash flow from operations and the improvement in working capital requirements.Net financial debt decreased to €1.3m at December 31  2022  compared with €2.4m one year earlier.Shareholders’ equity totaled €18.8m  down -€1.0m from end-2021. This change is linked to earnings for the year and the distribution of amounts drawn against the issue premium for 2021 to shareholders.Order bookDuring FY 2022  new order intake improved significantly  with 14 systems ordered over the period and a good level of orders recorded for services and accessories.This robust development helped significantly strengthen the order book at December 31  2022  up +102% to €29.9m and including 11 MBE systems (€24.6m)  as well as orders for services and accessories (€5.3m).This order book does not include the additional order for a production system announced on February 20  2023  or the option to buy announced on June 8  2022 covering four production machines for which the firm orders will be confirmed in 2023 when the export license is obtained.OutlookIn view of these elements  RIBER is confident that it will be able to achieve revenues of around €40m  driven by 40% growth compared with 2022. This growth in business is expected to be combined with a significant improvement in profitability.In a still buoyant market context  with robust demand for the Company’s systems  RIBER is expected to continue taking orders in 2023  capitalizing on a strong pipeline of prospects.Distribution of amounts drawn against the “issue premium” accountIllustrating its confidence in the Company’s outlook  the Executive Board will submit a proposal to shareholders at the General Meeting on June 20  2023 to approve a cash payout based on reimbursing part of the issue premium for €0.05 per share. It will be released for payment on July 5  2023.GovernanceDuring its meeting today  chaired by Ms Annie Geoffroy  RIBER’s Supervisory Board appointed Mr Christian Dupont as Chairman of the Company’s Executive Board from April 13  2023  replacing Mr Michel Picault  who is still a member of the Company’s Executive Board.This appointment will make it possible to ramp up RIBER's robust growth and expansion in a buoyant market environment.BiographyMr Christian Dupont  Chairman of RIBER’s Executive BoardAfter graduating as an engineer from EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne)  Mr Christian Dupont  59  began his career in 1988 with Texas Instruments  where in 1992 he helped create its Wireless business unit  which became the wireless semiconductor market leader for 15 years. He was a Marketing Manager before being appointed to head up the business unit wireless USA in Dallas and Nice  where he was in charge of the wireless business unit in Europe. From 2007 to 2010  he was CEO of the startup Varioptic (electro-optics)  which was sold to Parrot  before serving until 2015 as CEO of PoLight in Norway (MEMS Auto-Focus)  which listed on Oslo’s stock market. From 2015 to 2021  he was Chairman and CEO of CEO-CF  the leading collaboration platform for executives from high-growth European technology companies. In 2018  as CEO  he helped restructure and refinance Dolphin Integration (semiconductors)  taken over by Soitec and MBDA. From 2019  he was CEO of Digitsole (digital health).Next datesApril 28  2023 - 8:00am: 2023 first-quarter revenues and 2022 annual financial reportJune 20  2023 - 10:00am: General MeetingThe annual financial statements were approved by the Executive Board and  on April 13  2023  were also approved by the Supervisory Board. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry  and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research in the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Michel Picault | tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.1,0.39,True,English,"['2022 full-year earnings positive', 'RIBER', 'OLED evaporator product line', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'supply chain disruption', 'R&D investments', 'working capital requirements', 'Ms Annie Geoffroy', 'Mr Michel Picault', 'Net financial debt', 'two research systems', 'four production machines', 'Mr Christian Dupont', 'new order intake', 'issue premium” account', 'additional four systems', 'buoyant market context', 'high order intake', 'Executive Board Bezons', 'Positive net income', '2022 full-year earnings positive', 'MBE systems revenues', 'OLED market', 'additional order', 'six machines', 'high basis', 'production system', 'Order book', 'MBE) equipment', 'financial income', '11 MBE systems', 'Supervisory Board', 'French English', 'Press release', 'electronic components', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Key developments', 'strong level', 'commercial development', 'sourcing capacity', 'gross margin', 'Operating expenditure', 'marketing costs', 'administrative costs', '€1.3m profit', 'non-current charges', 'US dollars', 'Cash flow', 'balance sheet', 'cash position', 'good level', 'robust development', 'export license', 'robust demand', 'strong pipeline', 'Pre-tax income', 'Operating income', 'ordinary operations', '2022 full-year revenues', 'General Meeting', 'cash payout', 'strong growth', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'significant improvement', 'firm orders', 'Change Revenues', 'accessories revenues', '14 systems', '2022 revenues', '40% growth', 'Business', 'difficulties', '2023 objectives', 'profitability', 'FY', 'Chairman', 'April', 'RIBER', 'December', 'Services', 'option', 'deferral', 'delivery', 'total', 'Company', 'efforts', 'range', 'evaporators', 'Sales', 'comparison', 'decision', 'depreciation', 'inventories', 'expenses', 'revaluation', 'euros', 'receivables', 'Yuan', 'distribution', 'amounts', 'period', 'February', 'June', 'Outlook', 'view', 'elements', 'prospects', 'confidence', 'proposal', 'part', 'payment', 'July', 'Governance', 'member', 'appointment', '8:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,globenewswire.com
23019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/Change-of-venue-for-2023-Annual-General-Meeting-43491485/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Change of venue for 2023 Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Change of venue for 2023 Annual General Meeting ING announced today that it has decided to change the venue for the 2023 Annual General Meeting in order to accommodate the high number of shareholders that have registered to attend in a sa…,Change of venue for 2023 Annual General MeetingING announced today that it has decided to change the venue for the 2023 Annual General Meeting in order to accommodate the high number of shareholders that have registered to attend in a safe and orderly manner. The meeting will now take place in the Muziekgebouw aan ’t IJ  Piet Heinkade 1 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands. As announced before  the meeting will be held on Monday 24 April 2023 at 14:00 CEST.Full details of all agenda items as published on 10 March 2023 are included in the proxy materials for our Annual General Meeting on our website (ing.com/agm). Except for the change of venue  no other changes were made to the information set out in the Agenda and Explanatory Notes.Registered shareholders may attend the AGM either in person or remotely  by logging on to the electronic platform ‘Evote by ING’  available via ing.com/agm. The AGM will also be webcast live via ing.com. Shareholders are advised to check the information on the website regularly for any updates  including details on admission requirements.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  go to www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiriesRaymond Vermeulen+31 20 576 6369Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.comInvestor enquiriesING Group Investor Relations+31 20 576 6396Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.29,0.53,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Change', 'venue', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'related international response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related response measures', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'related market disruption', 'global economic impact', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'global financial institution', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'Bank N.V.', 'general economic conditions', 'Group Investor Relations', 'other forward-looking statements', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'economic crimes', 'financial services', 'orderly manner', 'Muziekgebouw aan', 'Piet Heinkade', 'Monday 24 April', 'proxy materials', 'Explanatory Notes', 'electronic platform', 'Press enquiries', 'Investor enquiries', 'operating company', 'Group shares', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'financial markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'other changes', 'high number', 'Full details', 'agenda items', 'tax laws', 'Registered shareholders', 'The AGM', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'venue', 'safe', 'place', 'IJ', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', '14:00 CEST', '10 March', 'website', 'person', 'requirements', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/RIBER-2022-full-year-earnings-positive-43491071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,RIBER: 2022 full-year earnings positive,(marketscreener.com) Press release 2022 full-year earnings positive Business impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations stable at €1.3mPositive net income of €0.2m2023 objectives: revenues of around €40m and improve…,Press release2022 full-year earnings positiveBusiness impacted by difficulties sourcing electronic componentsIncome from ordinary operations stable at €1.3mPositive net income of €0.2m2023 objectives: revenues of around €40m and improvement in profitabilityProposed payout of €0.05 per share for FY 2022Christian Dupont appointed as Chairman of the Executive BoardBezons  April 14  2023 - 8:00am - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is releasing its full-year earnings for 2022.(€M - at December 31) 2022 2021 Change Revenues 27.8 31.2 - €3.4m MBE systems revenues 14.8 17.4 - €2.6m Services and accessories revenues 13.0 13.8 - €0.8m Gross margin% of revenues 9.835.2% 11.135.4% - €1.3m Income from ordinary operations% of revenues 1.34.7% 1.34.1% - €0.0m Operating income% of revenues 0.00.0% 1.34.1% - €1.3m Pre-tax income from ordinary operations% of revenues 0.41.5% 1.75.5% - €1.3m Net income% of revenues 0.20.6% 1.54.7% - €1.3mKey developmentsDuring FY 2022  RIBER recorded a strong level of commercial development  as shown by its high order intake  including 14 systems and an option for an additional four systems. Nevertheless  the supply chain disruption affecting electronic components resulted in the deferral of the delivery of two research systems to 2023  representing a total of €2.9m  despite the Company’s efforts to diversify its sourcing capacity.In addition  RIBER has stopped marketing a range of evaporators for the OLED market.RevenuesIn this context  2022 full-year revenues came to €27.8m  down -11% from 2021. Sales of MBE systems contracted -15% to €14.8m  for six machines delivered  compared with eight in 2021. Sales of services and accessories are down -6% from a high basis for comparison to €13.0m  representing 46.8% of 2022 revenues.EarningsThe gross margin came to €9.8m  representing 35.2% of revenues  stable versus 2021(35.4%).Operating expenditure is stable (€9.8m). R&D investments totaled €3.2m  representing 12% of revenues  stable compared with 2021. Sales and marketing costs are up (+18% in line with the strong growth in order intake)  while administrative costs are stable overall.Income from ordinary operations amounted to €1.3m  comparable to 2021.Operating income broke even  compared with a €1.3m profit in 2021. It is impacted by non-current charges for €1.3m  in particular due to the decision to discontinue the OLED evaporator product line  which led to the depreciation of inventories.Net income totaled €0.2m  compared with €1.5m in 2021. In 2022  it included +€0.4m of financial income and expenses  linked primarily to the revaluation in euros of receivables denominated in US dollars and Yuan.Cash flow and balance sheetThe cash position at end-2022 was positive at €6.1m  up +€0.2m from the end of 2021. This change reflects the good level of cash flow from operations and the improvement in working capital requirements.Net financial debt decreased to €1.3m at December 31  2022  compared with €2.4m one year earlier.Shareholders’ equity totaled €18.8m  down -€1.0m from end-2021. This change is linked to earnings for the year and the distribution of amounts drawn against the issue premium for 2021 to shareholders.Order bookDuring FY 2022  new order intake improved significantly  with 14 systems ordered over the period and a good level of orders recorded for services and accessories.This robust development helped significantly strengthen the order book at December 31  2022  up +102% to €29.9m and including 11 MBE systems (€24.6m)  as well as orders for services and accessories (€5.3m).This order book does not include the additional order for a production system announced on February 20  2023  or the option to buy announced on June 8  2022 covering four production machines for which the firm orders will be confirmed in 2023 when the export license is obtained.OutlookIn view of these elements  RIBER is confident that it will be able to achieve revenues of around €40m  driven by 40% growth compared with 2022. This growth in business is expected to be combined with a significant improvement in profitability.In a still buoyant market context  with robust demand for the Company’s systems  RIBER is expected to continue taking orders in 2023  capitalizing on a strong pipeline of prospects.Distribution of amounts drawn against the “issue premium” accountIllustrating its confidence in the Company’s outlook  the Executive Board will submit a proposal to shareholders at the General Meeting on June 20  2023 to approve a cash payout based on reimbursing part of the issue premium for €0.05 per share. It will be released for payment on July 5  2023.GovernanceDuring its meeting today  chaired by Ms Annie Geoffroy  RIBER’s Supervisory Board appointed Mr Christian Dupont as Chairman of the Company’s Executive Board from April 13  2023  replacing Mr Michel Picault  who is still a member of the Company’s Executive Board.This appointment will make it possible to ramp up RIBER's robust growth and expansion in a buoyant market environment.BiographyMr Christian Dupont  Chairman of RIBER’s Executive BoardAfter graduating as an engineer from EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne)  Mr Christian Dupont  59  began his career in 1988 with Texas Instruments  where in 1992 he helped create its Wireless business unit  which became the wireless semiconductor market leader for 15 years. He was a Marketing Manager before being appointed to head up the business unit wireless USA in Dallas and Nice  where he was in charge of the wireless business unit in Europe. From 2007 to 2010  he was CEO of the startup Varioptic (electro-optics)  which was sold to Parrot  before serving until 2015 as CEO of PoLight in Norway (MEMS Auto-Focus)  which listed on Oslo’s stock market. From 2015 to 2021  he was Chairman and CEO of CEO-CF  the leading collaboration platform for executives from high-growth European technology companies. In 2018  as CEO  he helped restructure and refinance Dolphin Integration (semiconductors)  taken over by Soitec and MBDA. From 2019  he was CEO of Digitsole (digital health).Next datesApril 28  2023 - 8:00am: 2023 first-quarter revenues and 2022 annual financial reportJune 20  2023 - 10:00am: General MeetingThe annual financial statements were approved by the Executive Board and  on April 13  2023  were also approved by the Supervisory Board. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry  and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research in the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Michel Picault | tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.12,0.38,True,English,"['2022 full-year earnings positive', 'RIBER', 'OLED evaporator product line', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'supply chain disruption', 'R&D investments', 'working capital requirements', 'Ms Annie Geoffroy', 'Mr Michel Picault', 'Net financial debt', 'two research systems', 'four production machines', 'Mr Christian Dupont', 'new order intake', 'issue premium” account', 'additional four systems', 'buoyant market context', 'high order intake', 'Executive Board Bezons', 'Positive net income', '2022 full-year earnings positive', 'MBE systems revenues', 'OLED market', 'additional order', 'six machines', 'high basis', 'production system', 'Order book', 'MBE) equipment', 'financial income', '11 MBE systems', 'Supervisory Board', 'Press release', 'electronic components', 'global leader', 'semiconductor industry', 'Key developments', 'strong level', 'commercial development', 'sourcing capacity', 'gross margin', 'Operating expenditure', 'marketing costs', 'administrative costs', '€1.3m profit', 'non-current charges', 'US dollars', 'Cash flow', 'balance sheet', 'cash position', 'good level', 'robust development', 'export license', 'robust demand', 'strong pipeline', 'ordinary operations', 'Pre-tax income', 'Operating income', '2022 full-year revenues', 'General Meeting', 'cash payout', 'strong growth', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'significant improvement', 'firm orders', 'Change Revenues', 'accessories revenues', '14 systems', '2022 revenues', '40% growth', 'Business', 'difficulties', '2023 objectives', 'profitability', 'FY', 'Chairman', 'April', 'RIBER', 'December', 'Services', 'option', 'deferral', 'delivery', 'total', 'Company', 'efforts', 'range', 'evaporators', 'Sales', 'comparison', 'decision', 'depreciation', 'inventories', 'expenses', 'revaluation', 'euros', 'receivables', 'Yuan', 'distribution', 'amounts', 'period', 'February', 'June', 'Outlook', 'view', 'elements', 'prospects', 'confidence', 'proposal', 'part', 'payment', 'July', 'Governance', 'member', 'appointment', '8:00']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/14/kkr-led-group-makes-156bn-selling-down-almost-entire-flutter-stake/,KKR-led group makes over €1.75bn by selling down almost entire Flutter stake,Investor group  known as Fastball Holdings  is believed to retain a stake worth less than €74m,A consortium led by US private equity giant KKR has generated about £1.56 billion (€1.77 billion) selling down almost all of its shares in Flutter Entertainment in the past two years  including money raised from another stock placing this week.The investor group  known as Fastball Holdings  is believed to retain a stake worth less than £65 million  indicating that it made little by way of a capital gain since it received an initial 6.7 per stake in Flutter in late 2020 as part of a deal that upped the Irish company’s presence in the US market.Fastball received more than 11.7 million shares  at a value of £1.56 billion  and cash of a similar amount in 2020 as it sold a 37.2 per cent stake in the US sports-betting company FanDuel to Flutter for a total consideration of £3.13 billion. That transaction lifted Flutter’s stake in the business to 95 per cent.Flutter EntertainmentThe Fastball Holdings consortium is also made up of CapitalG  the investments arm of Google’s parent Alphabet  NBC Sports Group  Comcast Ventures  Verizon Ventures and Shamrock Capital.READ MOREThis week’s share sale enable Fastball to generate €328 million through the placing of 2.2 million shares at £149.10 each.Dublin-headquartered Flutter Entertainment  the owner of Paddy Power  Betfair  Sky Bet  FanDuel and Sportsbet in Australia  said in February that it was looking at taking on a stock market quotation in the US  home of its fastest-growing business.‘Dysfunctional and illogical’: Developer Michael O’Flynn on Republic's new vacant land tax Listen | 46:13The merger of Paddy Power with Betfair in early 2016 meant the combined entity opted for London for its main listing —before it changed its name to Flutter. It has a secondary listing in Dublin.The expectation is that Flutter will eventually move its main listing to the US — similar to a plan being pursued by CRH  the building materials giant.Huge successCRH  which moved its main listing from Dublin to London a decade ago  confirmed to The Irish Times last week that it plans to drop its quotation on the Irish market in order to give it a better chance of it being added to key US stock market indices. The company is known to be chasing inclusion in the S&P 500 index  which is widely followed by US institutional investors.Flutter said in a circular sent to investors ahead of its upcoming annual general meeting on April 27th that it “would like to maintain the flexibility” to continue to trade on both the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin following a US listing  either on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq. This is expected to take place by the end of the year  it said.The huge success of FanDuel  in which Flutter accumulated its stake since the US supreme court moved in May 2018 to strike down a federal law banning commercial sports betting  is gradually pulling Flutter’s centre of gravity across the Atlantic. The US accounted for a third of total revenues last year of £7.7 billion.An 87 per cent surge in US revenues to £2.6 billion left that division as Flutter’s biggest. The group’s pretax losses narrowed to £305 million last year from £412 million for the previous financial period.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.22,0.44,True,English,"['entire Flutter stake', 'KKR-led group', 'almost', 'key US stock market indices', 'Developer Michael O’Flynn', 'new vacant land tax', 'upcoming annual general meeting', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'US private equity giant', 'The Fastball Holdings consortium', 'building materials giant', 'past two years', 'S&P 500 index', 'previous financial period', 'US supreme court', 'London Stock Exchange', 'The Irish Times', '87 per cent surge', 'stock market quotation', 'US sports-betting company', 'US institutional investors', 'NBC Sports Group', '37.2 per cent stake', 'US market', 'The US', 'Irish market', '95 per cent', 'US listing', 'US revenues', 'sports betting', 'Irish company', 'investor group', 'capital gain', 'similar amount', 'total consideration', 'investments arm', 'parent Alphabet', 'Comcast Ventures', 'Verizon Ventures', 'Shamrock Capital', 'share sale', 'Paddy Power', 'Sky Bet', 'combined entity', 'main listing', 'secondary listing', 'Huge success', 'federal law', 'total revenues', 'pretax losses', '11.7 million shares', '2.2 million shares', 'growing business', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'KKR', 'money', 'way', 'initial 6.7', 'part', 'deal', 'presence', 'value', 'cash', 'FanDuel', 'transaction', 'CapitalG', 'Google', 'READ', 'placing', 'Dublin-headquartered', 'owner', 'Betfair', 'Sportsbet', 'Australia', 'February', 'Republic', 'merger', 'name', 'expectation', 'plan', 'CRH', 'order', 'chance', 'inclusion', 'circular', 'April', 'flexibility', 'Nasdaq', 'place', 'end', 'May', 'commercial', 'centre', 'gravity', 'Atlantic', 'third', 'division']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,irishtimes.com
23022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-March-2023-43497463/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230414,Net Asset Value as at 31 March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – March 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Net-Asset-Value-as…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – March 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  14 April 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for March 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYIncluding the dividend to be paid in April (but had record date in March) Volta Finance performance in March is -1.5% which is a relatively good performance in such context. For the first quarter of the year the performance stands at +5.8%  a very good start for 2023.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follows: +0.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  -2.8% for CLO Equity tranches  -3.4% for CLO Debt tranches; and +2.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent circa 2.2% of the fund’s NAV).We highlighted in previous monthly reports that we have been building (and trading) a long duration overlay for several months. As explained  we are convinced that rates are globally back to levels from which one could anticipate interest rates cuts in reaction to potential economic shocks. This is exactly what happened in March with the Credit Suisse story and the bail-out of some US Regional banks: government bonds recorded solid performances on both sides of the Atlantic. As of the start of March  Volta overlay duration was in the area of 3 years (long US five-notes contracts and fixed receiver on European swaps) and it contributed to circa 2% of the March’s performance. As a result  we took some significant profits on this duration overlay  taking the overlay in the area of 1 year of duration at the end of March.Our view regarding the March events is as follow – while the CS situation was very specific and should not spread to the wider European banking system  we believe that what happened with the US Regional banks is much more concerning. It is clear to us that there is a need for higher regulation there while the competition between US banks deposits and US monetary funds is much more acute than in Europe. Consequently  we may see some US regional banks pushed to reduce some of the support they used to provide to specific businesses in the quarters/years to come. The areas under most scrutiny seem to be the CREs one as well as local/small businesses  and it is reasonable to expect that a reduction in their financial support will have economic impacts. Access to credit may reduce while the cost of credit for a substantial chunk of the US economy will most likely be higher  although we expect this to be partially offset by lower-than-expected interest rates.We see no direct impact of these banking issues for CLOs. Underlying loan portfolios are located in SPVs (Special Purpose Vehicle) that sit outside banks’ balance sheets. CS was a modest player in Loan origination and the US regional banks are not involved in US Loan origination either. CLOs holdings in US regional banks are also very modest (below 1.5% of the CLO market according to the research we read). The only area that may be under some pressure is the Middle Market CLO one. Indeed  companies that finance themselves through Middle Market loans are usually local and relatively small  hence most likely customers of regional banks (in the form of deposit  paycheck  revolver facilities  …). There has been no particular market reaction and MML CLOs did not underperform their BSL cousins for now. Note that Volta do not own MML CLO debts and our exposure to MML CLO equity is 1.1% of NAV.March is a structurally weak month in terms of interest and cash flows collected from Volta’s assets: Volta received the equivalent of €0.6m of interests and coupons. However  over the usual rolling 6-month time frame  Volta received €22.1m of interests and coupons  ie. a 19.2% annualized cash flow to NAV.No significant purchases were made in March. We think that some pricing weakness on Loans will show in the coming months. Volta accumulated a bit of cash over the last 3 months  and we hope this will allow us to make some good investments  at a discount  in the coming weeks/months.As at the end of March 2023  Volta’s NAV was €221.0m or €6.04 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 6.99% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.86% as at 28 February 2023  0.57% as at 31 January 2023  0.56% as at 30 September 2022.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.14,0.51,True,English,"['Net Asset Value', '31 March', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'usual rolling 6-month time frame', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'long US five-notes contracts', 'wider European banking system', 'Underlying loan portfolios', 'previous monthly reports', 'banks’ balance sheets', 'US monetary funds', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'US banks deposits', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'US Regional banks', 'Middle Market CLO', 'potential economic shocks', 'MML CLO debts', 'MML CLO equity', '19.2% annualized cash flow', 'US Loan origination', 'long duration overlay', 'Credit Suisse story', 'Middle Market loans', 'particular market reaction', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'March 2023 monthly report', 'interest rates cuts', 'date NAV information', 'Volta overlay duration', 'Volta Finance performance', 'CLO market', 'solid performances', 'European swaps', 'US economy', 'banking issues', 'economic impacts', 'full report', 'record date', 'month-end date', 'MML CLOs', 'cash flows', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'first quarter', 'several months', 'government bonds', 'fixed receiver', 'significant profits', 'higher regulation', 'specific businesses', 'most scrutiny', 'local/small businesses', 'substantial chunk', 'direct impact', 'modest player', 'revolver facilities', 'BSL cousins', 'weak month', 'significant purchases', 'pricing weakness', 'coming months', 'last 3 months', 'coming weeks/months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'CLOs holdings', 'good performance', 'good start', 'CS situation', 'financial support', 'good investments', 'March events', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'THE', 'Guernsey', '14 April', 'Company', 'website', 'ACTIVITY', 'context', 'year', 'ABS', 'levels', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'area', 'result', 'view', 'need', 'competition', 'CREs', 'reduction', 'Access', 'cost', 'lower', 'expected', 'SPVs', 'research', 'pressure', 'companies', 'customers', 'paycheck', 'exposure', 'terms', 'assets', 'equivalent', 'interests', 'coupons', 'bit', 'discount', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'price', '28 February', '31 January', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', '€']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,marketscreener.com
23023,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thepharmaletter.com/article/genfit-updates-on-research-pipeline,Genfit updates on research pipeline,French biotech firm Genfit (Euronext: GNFT) on Friday outlined important developments in its research pipeline . Among these was regarding its investigational treatment elafibrano,French biotech firm Genfit (Euronext: GNFT) on Friday outlined important developments in its research pipeline Among these was regarding its investigational treatment elafibranor  which is now partnered with fellow French drugmaker Ipsen (Euronext: IPN)  noting that top-line Phase III results for the ELATIVE study in primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) are now expected to be announced towards the end of second-quarter 2023. Meantime  Genfit noted  Phase…This article is accessible to registered users  to continue reading please register for free. A free trial will give you access to exclusive features  interviews  round-ups and commentary from the sharpest minds in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology space for a week. If you are already a registered user please login. If your trial has come to an end  you can subscribe here.Try before you buy Free7 day trial access Take a Free Trial • All the news that moves the needle in pharma and biotech.• Exclusive features  podcasts  interviews  data analyses and commentary from our global network of life sciences reporters.• Receive The Pharma Letter daily news bulletin  free forever.£820or £77 per month Join now • Unfettered access to industry-leading news  commentary and analysis in pharma and biotech.• Updates from clinical trials  conferences  M&A  licensing  financing  regulation  patents & legal  executive appointments  commercial strategy and financial results.• Daily roundup of key events in pharma and biotech.• Monthly in-depth briefings on Boardroom appointments and M&A news.• Choose from a cost-effective annual package or a flexible monthly subscription.If you are already a registered user please login The Pharma Letter is an extremely useful and valuable Life Sciences service that brings together a daily update on performance people and products. It’s part of the key information for keeping me informedChairman  Sanofi Aventis UKBiotechnologyDrug TrialelafibranorezurpimtrostatFranceGenfitIpsenNephrology and HepatologyOne to Watch CompaniesResearch,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Genfit updates', 'research', 'pipeline', 'The Pharma Letter daily news bulletin', 'fellow French drugmaker Ipsen', 'valuable Life Sciences service', 'top-line Phase III results', 'life sciences reporters', 'investigational treatment elafibranor', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'cost-effective annual package', 'flexible monthly subscription', 'Sanofi Aventis UK', 'French biotech firm', 'M&A news', '7 day trial access', 'Daily roundup', 'daily update', 'industry-leading news', 'financial results', 'important developments', 'research pipeline', 'ELATIVE study', 'registered users', 'exclusive features', 'sharpest minds', 'biotechnology space', 'data analyses', 'global network', 'Unfettered access', 'clinical trials', 'executive appointments', 'commercial strategy', 'key events', 'depth briefings', 'Boardroom appointments', 'performance people', 'key information', 'BiotechnologyDrug TrialelafibranorezurpimtrostatFranceGenfitIpsenNephrology', 'free trial', 'GNFT', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'PBC', 'end', 'second-quarter', 'article', 'interviews', 'round-ups', 'commentary', 'pharmaceutical', 'week', 'needle', 'podcasts', 'analysis', 'Updates', 'conferences', 'licensing', 'financing', 'regulation', 'patents', 'legal', 'useful', 'products', 'part', 'Chairman', 'HepatologyOne', 'CompaniesResearch']",2023-04-15,2023-04-15,thepharmaletter.com
23024,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58822798-stellantis-n-v-weekly-report-april-7-13-2023-on-the-first-tranche-of-stellantis-share-buyback-program-399.htm,STELLANTIS N.V.: Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,"Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"" or the ""Company"") announced today that pursuant to its","Weekly Report (April 7- 13  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  April 14  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"" or the ""Company"") announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between April 7 up to and including April 13  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 11.04.2023 155 000 € 16 6411 € 2 579 371 MILE 12.04.2023 225 000 € 16 9042 € 3 803 445 MILE 13.04.2023 225 000 € 16 8470 € 3 790 575 MILE Total 605 000 € 16 8155 € 10 173 391Since March 17  2023 up to and including April 13  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 2 578 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 42 330 853.As of April 13  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 71 704 284 common shares equal to 2.23% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis' corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 - fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as ""may""  ""will""  ""expect""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""remain""  ""on track""  ""design""  ""target""  ""objective""  ""goal""  ""forecast""  ""projection""  ""outlook""  ""prospects""  ""plan""  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis' ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis' business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.65,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'STELLANTIS N.V.', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'April', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'innovative, attractive products', ""Stellantis' corporate website"", 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'other anticipated aspects', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'local economic', '2,578,740 common shares', '704,284 common shares', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'operating results', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'Date Number', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'business strategies', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'adequate financing', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'retail customers', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'total consideration', 'April', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'period', 'June', 'fees', 'Venues', 'MILE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'fernao', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'goal', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding', 'access', 'dealers']",2023-04-05,2023-04-15,finanznachrichten.de
23025,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58822797-veon-ltd-veon-management-to-increase-share-ownership-399.htm,VEON Ltd.: VEON management to increase share ownership,VEON management to increase share ownership Amsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services ,"VEON management to increase share ownershipAmsterdam  14 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces an increase in management's ownership of company shares. This follows the completion of management share awards as a part of the Group's incentive programs that were announced in February 2022.The share awards  detailed in the table below  were granted as part of VEON's Deferred Share Plan  which was detailed in our press release dated 28 February 2022. The Deferred Share Grant  which represents 50% of the Short-Term Incentive (""STI"") scheme  relates to the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and is deferred into shares under the Deferred Share Grant rules. The shares will vest in American Depositary Shares (""ADS"") over a period of two years from 15 March 2023.The Long-Term Incentive (""LTI"") 2023 share grant is awarded in relation to the three-year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The vesting of these shares is linked to the relative TSR performance to VEON's peer group.The LTI award represents a further step in aligning the executive team's remuneration with the successful implementation of our digital operator strategy and long-term value creation for our shareholders.With this share transfer  five members of VEON's Group Executive Committee were granted a total of 154 876 shares within the scope of STI plans and 643 286 shares as a part of LTI plans.ADS  # STI 2022 delivered in share grants LTI 2023 award Kaan Terzioglu 65 761 306 852 Serkan Okandan 45 251 23 461 Michael Schulz 19 728 92 051 Joop Brakenhoff 18 855 123 169 Matthieu Galvani 5 281 97 753 TOTAL 154 876 643 286About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people's lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world's population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding management plans and the ability to successfully execute operating model  governance  strategic and development plans. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.19,0.58,True,English,"['VEON Ltd', 'VEON management', 'share ownership', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Deferred Share Grant rules', 'global digital operator', 'Deferred Share Plan', 'relative TSR performance', 'digital operator strategy', 'long-term value creation', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'LTI"") 2023 share grant', 'The Long-Term Incentive', 'Group Executive Committee', 'American Depositary Shares', 'management share awards', 'The LTI award', 'share transfer', 'share grants', 'executive team', 'incentive programs', 'Short-Term Incentive', 'LTI plans', 'share ownership', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'two years', 'peer group', 'successful implementation', 'five members', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'Serkan Okandan', 'Michael Schulz', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'Matthieu Galvani', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'management plans', 'operating model', 'development plans', 'forward-looking statement', 'STI"") scheme', 'STI plans', 'press release', 'unanticipated events', 'company shares', 'three-year period', 'VEON management', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', '154,876 shares', '643,286 shares', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'increase', 'completion', 'part', 'February', 'table', '1 January', '31 December', 'ADS', '15 March', 'relation', 'vesting', 'step', 'remuneration', 'shareholders', 'total', 'scope', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'ability', 'governance', 'strategic', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances']",2023-04-05,2023-04-15,finanznachrichten.de
23026,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/15/diageo-finally-quits-irish-stock-exchange/,Diageo finally quits Irish Stock Exchange,The Irish Stock Exchange doomsayers were given another boost this week as Diageo became the latest company to drop its listing on what is now known as Euronext Dublin. The Guinness owner aims to remove itself from the Dublin and Paris stock exchanges by the end of May  pending regulatory approval. In truth  that approval is a fait accompli.,The Irish Stock Exchange doomsayers were given another boost this week as Diageo became the latest company to drop its listing on what is now known as Euronext Dublin.The Guinness owner aims to remove itself from the Dublin and Paris stock exchanges by the end of May  pending regulatory approval. In truth  that approval is a fait accompli.Diageo is the latest in a line of firms to leave the market here: CRH is in the process of doing so as it seeks a deeper investor pool in the US  while Greencore and C&C have both upped sticks in recent years. Combine those with the loss of Green Reit and Hibernia Reit to acquisitions  and speculation about Paddy Power owner Flutter’s future trading home  and it’s grim times for the Dublin market.Diageo isn’t like the others though. The company’s shares haven’t traded here for many years. It may be a €32 billion business but  according to the Euronext Dublin website  it last traded on the Irish Stock Exchange on March 27th  2002. Yes  21 years ago. In short  this is hardly a blow to the market’s day-to-day business  and the administrative costs associated with maintaining a listing that goes unused make cutting it an easy decision for any company. Indeed  one wonders why it didn’t happen earlier.READ MOREThe symbolism though  is strong. Apart from the visual of yet another company pulling its shares from the market  it also is another loosening of the ties between Diageo and Ireland. Sure  anyone who gets off the train at Heuston Station can see the scale of the operations in Dublin  but there is no getting away from the fact that what was once an Irish champion company is now primarily Irish in branding terms only.That isn’t a bad thing – Diageo’s scale has opened new markets to Guinness  Baileys and a host of other products to great success. But we’re now a very long way from the days of the Lady Patricia and Miranda Guinness running back and forth across the Irish Sea.,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.19,0.05,0.75,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange', 'Diageo', 'The Irish Stock Exchange doomsayers', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter', 'Paris stock exchanges', 'The Guinness owner', 'deeper investor pool', 'future trading home', 'Irish champion company', 'Euronext Dublin website', 'Irish Sea', 'C&C', 'recent years', 'Green Reit', 'Hibernia Reit', 'many years', '€32 billion business', 'day business', 'administrative costs', 'easy decision', 'Heuston Station', 'branding terms', 'bad thing', 'new markets', 'other products', 'great success', 'Lady Patricia', 'Miranda Guinness', 'latest company', 'regulatory approval', 'Dublin market', 'boost', 'Diageo', 'listing', 'end', 'May', 'truth', 'fait', 'line', 'firms', 'CRH', 'process', 'Greencore', 'sticks', 'loss', 'acquisitions', 'speculation', 'times', 'others', 'shares', 'March', 'blow', 'READ', 'symbolism', 'visual', 'loosening', 'ties', 'Ireland', 'train', 'scale', 'operations', 'fact', 'Baileys', 'host', 'long', 'days']",2023-04-15,2023-04-15,irishtimes.com
23027,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/trading-places-irish-stock-exchange-withers-as-big-guns-follow-the-money-42433470.html,Trading places – Irish Stock Exchange withers as big guns follow the money,The Irish Stock Exchange (ISE) was dealt yet another blow to its diminishing status this week. A n activist investor in Ires Reit published an open letter in part criticising the market for poor liquidity ,The Irish Stock Exchange (ISE) was dealt yet another blow to its diminishing status this week.An activist investor in Ires Reit published an open letter in part criticising the market for poor liquidity  limited options for raising equity  and an undersized universe of investors.The institution  Canada’s Vision Capital  was mainly taking aim at the board of Ires  which it alleges has not been responsive to shareholders and should take the undervalued company off-market by selling to a private buyer.Calling Ires Reit “a failure on all fronts”  Vision’s CEO Jeffrey Olin told the Irish Independent this week that listing in Dublin was “a nice concept but it didn’t work”.If Olin gets his wish  the ISE will lose its last Reit and yet another name from the main market.And he's not the only one disappointed at how things are going on the equities side of Euronext Dublin  the trading name for the ISE since it was sold in 2018.Earlier in the spring  two of its biggest components – building materials giant CRH and Paddy Power owner Flutter – announced plans to seek listings in New York.It is likely their shareholders will approve  and two Irish homegrown global brands will decamp with hopes of joining the S&P 500 index  taking their massive share of trading volumes with them for access to greenbacks.Earlier in the spring  CRH and Flutter announced plans to seek listings in New YorkThey would only be joining an exodus that has been years in the making.ISE stalwarts Grafton Group  DCC  C&C and Greencore have all surrendered their Dublin listings in recent years  despite all being Irish headquartered major corporations.And then there are the privatisations: Green Reit  Hibernia Reit  Yew Grove Reit  Applegreen and CPL. All of them took offers from private buyers in the last five years and with them went the bulk of the big post-crisis IPO companies.Only two companies have come the other way: UK shopping centre owner Hammerson  which sought a secondary listing in Dublin to diversify its shareholder base after Brexit  and Ryanair  which dropped its London listing for regulatory reasons.Meanwhile  the flow of initial public offerings has been desperately disappointing. Except for Uniphar  which has had an active market presence since listing in 2019  just a few tiddlers like Corre Energy  Healthbeacon and Engage XR have come to market in recent years.While small growing firms are the lifeblood of any exchange  the volume arriving on Euronext Dublin is too little to counterbalance the losses at the top.Efforts to attract more IPO candidates  like Euronext’s IPO Ready programme  are valiant but almost completely unsuccessful to date.The flow of initial public offerings has been desperately disappointingAnd hopes that Dublin would become a key entry point for global capital looking to trade European shares proved perhaps a little over-excited.To be sure  there was a post-Brexit spike in trading volumes for some big stocks like Smurfit Kappa and Ryanair  with Dublin taking the bulk of trading.This was great news  especially for stockbrokers Davy and Goodbody who depend in part on having a vibrant equity market in their home town  but the impending losses of CRH and Flutter can’t be rationalised as anything other than a disaster in terms of prestige and earning opportunities.Both companies are big users of the capital markets  raising billions to fund acquisitions and ambitious growth plans. But both also correctly recognise that the biggest pool of investors is also in their biggest consumer market  the USA.But the trouble at Ires hints at something more fundamental than the decision of two global scale firms deciding that New York is their kind of town.The company  Ireland’s largest private landlord  was supposed to be tailor-made for the Irish Stock Exchange. The fact that a ground-floor investor like Vision is calling time on the experiment with Irish real estate equities – at the height of a major housing crunch – should be a wake-up-to-reality call.The trouble at Ires hints at something more fundamentalVision didn’t pull punches  calling trading volumes “exceedingly low” and equity issuance “cumbersome  costly  time-consuming and relatively inefficient”.If that’s the book on Euronext Dublin  it should come as no surprise that companies like Galway’s Ocean Harvest went to London’s AIM this week. Or that Cathal Friel’s Raglan Capital has a singular focus on bring its stable of life sciences company to the Nasdaq  where the hope is that they can show a little leg to the right suitor and make big-time cash.It’s hard not to look at the dire state of the equity market and conclude that Euronext bought the Irish Stock Exchange exclusively for its world-leading and perennially successful funds and debt securities markets.Unfortunately  those don’t serve the local capital ecosystem  which appears to be withering.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.09,0.03,0.87,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange', 'Trading places', 'big guns', 'money', 'two Irish homegrown global brands', 'UK shopping centre owner', 'two global scale firms', 'Irish real estate equities', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter', 'The Irish Stock Exchange', 'big post-crisis IPO companies', 'small growing firms', 'S&P 500 index', 'initial public offerings', 'IPO Ready programme', 'key entry point', 'perennially successful funds', 'major housing crunch', 'debt securities markets', 'largest private landlord', 'Yew Grove Reit', 'local capital ecosystem', 'CEO Jeffrey Olin', 'active market presence', 'ambitious growth plans', 'life sciences company', 'last five years', 'biggest consumer market', 'vibrant equity market', 'global capital', 'two companies', 'Irish Independent', 'equities side', 'IPO candidates', 'last Reit', 'capital markets', 'big stocks', 'big users', 'major corporations', 'private buyer', 'biggest components', 'biggest pool', 'Green Reit', 'Hibernia Reit', 'Raglan Capital', 'diminishing status', 'activist investor', 'open letter', 'poor liquidity', 'limited options', 'undersized universe', 'nice concept', 'main market', 'building materials', 'New York', 'massive share', 'Grafton Group', 'C&C', 'recent years', 'shareholder base', 'regulatory reasons', 'Corre Energy', 'Engage XR', 'European shares', 'post-Brexit spike', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'great news', 'stockbrokers Davy', 'earning opportunities', 'ground-floor investor', 'reality call', 'equity issuance', 'Ocean Harvest', 'Cathal Friel', 'singular focus', 'little leg', 'right suitor', 'big-time cash', 'dire state', 'trading volumes', 'secondary listing', 'home town', 'impending losses', 'Ires Reit', 'Vision Capital', 'giant CRH', 'trading name', 'Euronext Dublin', 'London listing', 'Dublin listings', 'ISE', 'blow', 'part', 'investors', 'institution', 'Canada', 'aim', 'board', 'shareholders', 'failure', 'fronts', 'wish', 'things', 'spring', 'hopes', 'access', 'greenbacks', 'exodus', 'making', 'DCC', 'Greencore', 'privatisations', 'Applegreen', 'CPL', 'offers', 'bulk', 'Hammerson', 'Ryanair', 'flow', 'Uniphar', 'tiddlers', 'Healthbeacon', 'lifeblood', 'top', 'Efforts', 'Goodbody', 'disaster', 'terms', 'prestige', 'billions', 'acquisitions', 'USA', 'trouble', 'something', 'decision', 'kind', 'Ireland', 'fact', 'experiment', 'height', 'punches', 'book', 'Galway', 'stable', 'Nasdaq', 'world-leading']",2023-04-15,2023-04-15,independent.ie
23028,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-4-14-oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-from-atlas-special-opportunities-llc,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Oxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema ...,Oxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'next generation standard', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'retinal disorders', 'Oxurion', 'vision', 'patients']",2023-04-14,2023-04-15,markets.buffalonews.com
23029,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets higher on Friday 04/14/2023: Euronext 100 +0.38% at 1 381.52  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/5CuZCZWUdR,nan,Other European stock markets higher on Friday 04/14/2023: Euronext 100 +0.38% at 1 381.52  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/5CuZCZWUdR,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'CuZCZWUdR', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'CuZCZWUdR']",2023-04-15,2023-04-15,Unknown
