UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
8876,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FinanceClean Euronext !,nan,@FinanceClean Euronext !,neutral,0.22,0.7,0.08,neutral,0.22,0.7,0.08,True,English,"['FinanceClean Euronext', 'FinanceClean Euronext']",2022-08-11,2022-08-13,Unknown
8877,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/EtDVjUCvvu #freedom #freemarket #belgium #finance… https://t.co/HnFYkZRLEr,nan,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/EtDVjUCvvu #freedom #freemarket #belgium #finance… https://t.co/HnFYkZRLEr,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,True,English,"['Free Market Fallacy', 'EtDVjUCvvu', 'freedom', 'freemarket', 'belgium', 'finance', 'HnFYkZRLEr', 'Free Market Fallacy', 'EtDVjUCvvu', 'freedom', 'freemarket', 'belgium', 'finance', 'HnFYkZRLEr']",2022-08-11,2022-08-13,Unknown
8889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-conditions-availability-information-prepared-193200085.html,Technicolor: Conditions of availability of information prepared in connection with the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting to be held September 6  2022,August 12  2022 Conditions of availability of information preparedin connection with the Combined Shareholders’ Meetingto be held September 6  2022...,TECHNICOLORAugust 12  2022Conditions of availability of information preparedin connection with the Combined Shareholders’ Meetingto be held September 6  2022Shareholders are invited to participate to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on:Tuesday September 6  2022 at 2:00 pm Espace Saint-Martin – 199 bis rue Saint-Martin – 75003 Paris (France)The Preliminary Notice of Meeting worth Notice of Meeting (avis préalable de réunion valant avis de convocation)  including agenda and proposed resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO) on August 1st  2022.The documents referred to in article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are made available to shareholders as of this date  in accordance with applicable regulations:any shareholder holding registered shares may request that the Company sends these documents at no charge  up to and including the fifth day prior to the Meeting (for shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submission of a certificate of participation issued by their financial institution);any shareholder may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office  up to the fifteenth day prior to the Meeting.Documents referred to in article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company’s website: www.technicolor.com.* **About Technicolorwww.technicolor.com – Follow us: @Technicolor – linkedin.com/company/technicolorTechnicolor shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (TCH) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Technicolor', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'connection', 'annonces légales obligatoires', 'French Commercial Code', 'avis préalable', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'French Bulletin', 'Tuesday September', 'Espace Saint-Martin', 'rue Saint-Martin', 'réunion', 'August 1st', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'financial institution', 'registered office', 'Preliminary Notice', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Technicolor shares', '75003 Paris', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'connection', 'France', 'worth', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'proposed', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'documents', 'article', 'date', 'accordance', 'Company', 'charge', 'exercise', 'right', 'submission', 'certificate', 'participation', 'fifteenth', 'website', 'TCH', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment', '2:00', '199']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220812005287/en/Ipsen-Completes-Acquisition-of-Epizyme-Expanding-Its-Portfolio-in-Oncology,Ipsen Completes Acquisition of Epizyme Expanding Its Portfolio in Oncology,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Disclaimer: Intended for international media and investor audiences only Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced the closing of the definitive merger agreement under which Ipsen has acquired Epizyme  Inc. (Ep…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Disclaimer: Intended for international media and investor audiences onlyIpsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) today announced the closing of the definitive merger agreement under which Ipsen has acquired Epizyme  Inc. (Epizyme). Pursuant to the transaction  Ipsen acquires all outstanding shares of Epizyme for $1.45 per share plus a contingent value right (CVR) of $1.00 per share. Epizyme now operates as ‘an Ipsen company’ at deal close.As part of the transaction  Ipsen acquires Epizyme’s lead medicine  Tazverik® (tazemetostat)  a first-in-class  chemotherapy-free EZH2a inhibitor  which was granted Accelerated Approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2020. It is currently indicated for adults with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) whose tumors are positive for an EZH2 mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test and who have received at least two prior systemic therapies  and for adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options  as well as for adults and pediatric patients aged 16 years and older with metastatic or locally advanced epithelioid sarcoma not eligible for complete resection.1Ipsen also acquires Epizyme’s first-in-class  oral SETD2 inhibitor development candidate  EZM0414  which was granted FDA Fast Track status in 2021 and is currently under evaluation in a recently initiated Phase I/Ib trial in adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma  as well as a portfolio of preclinical programs focusing on epigenetic targets.“Throughout the pre-close phase of planning  we have continued to be impressed by the potential of Tazverik  as well as the rest of the pipeline. Now that the deal is closed  we are excited to be working closely with our Epizyme colleagues to leverage Ipsen’s established infrastructure so that these medicines may reach more patients. Additionally  through this transaction Ipsen gains scientific expertise and we look forward to integrating the two teams which share the goal of delivering innovative treatment options to underserved patients ” said David Loew  Chief Executive Officer of Ipsen.a Enhancer of zeste homolog 2.ENDSAbout Tazverik® (tazemetostat)Tazverik is a methyltransferase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of:Adults and pediatric patients aged 16 years and older with metastatic or locally advanced epithelioid sarcoma not eligible for complete resection.Adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma whose tumors are positive for an EZH2 mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test and who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.Adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options.These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response. Post marketing studies are required to confirm the anticipated clinical benefit and retain the labeled Accelerated Approval indications.The most common (≥20%) adverse reactions in patients with epithelioid sarcoma are pain  fatigue  nausea  decreased appetite  vomiting and constipation. The most common (≥20%) adverse reactions in patients with follicular lymphoma are fatigue  upper respiratory tract infection  musculoskeletal pain  nausea and abdominal pain.View the U.S. Full Prescribing Information here: https://www.epizyme.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/TAZVERIK.pdfAbout EZM0414EZM0414 is a potent selective  oral  small molecule  investigational drug agent that inhibits the histone methyltransferase  SETD2  which plays a role in oncogenesis. SETD2 methylates histone as well as non-histone proteins  and this activity is involved in several key biological processes including transcriptional regulation  RNA splicing  and DNA damage repair. Based on the preclinical data on SETD2 inhibition by EZM0414 in multiple settings  including high risk t(4;14) multiple myeloma (MM) and in other B-cell malignancies such as diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL)  the Company is conducting SET-101  a Phase 1/1b study of EZM0414  for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory MM and DLBCL.About follicular lymphoma2 3Follicular lymphoma is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) which is a cancer of the lymphatic system. Follicular lymphoma develops when the body makes abnormal B lymphocytes. These lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell that normally helps fight infections. When a patient has a lymphoma  the abnormal lymphocytes build up in the lymph nodes or other body organs. Follicular lymphoma is generally slow growing. Each year  15-20 000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with follicular lymphoma. Most affected individuals are diagnosed with advanced disease.About epithelioid sarcoma4Epithelioid sarcoma is a rare  slow-growing type of soft tissue cancer. Most cases begin in the soft tissue under the skin of a finger  hand  forearm  lower leg or foot  though it can start in other areas of the body. Typically  epithelioid sarcoma starts as a small firm growth or lump that is painless. It usually starts out as a single growth  but multiple growths may occur by the time a person seeks medical help. Sometimes this sarcoma appears as ulcers that don't heal  looking like open wounds over the growths. It is estimated that 13 040 individuals received a diagnosis of soft tissue sarcomas in the U.S. in 2018 with a corresponding 5 150 deaths.5About diffuse large B-cell lymphoma6Diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is a type of NHL. NHL is a cancer of the lymphatic system. It develops when the body makes abnormal B lymphocytes. These lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell that normally help to fight infections. When a patient has a lymphoma  the abnormal lymphocytes build up in lymph nodes or other body organs. DLBCL grows quickly and treatment starts soon after diagnosis. DLBCL is the most common type of NHL in the U.S. and worldwide  accounting for about 22 percent of newly diagnosed cases of B-cell NHL in the U.S. More than 18 000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with DLBCL each year.7About multiple myeloma8Multiple myeloma is a rare form of cancer characterized by excessive production (proliferation) and improper function of certain cells (plasma cells) found in the bone marrow. Excessive plasma cells may eventually mass together to form a tumor or tumors in various sites of the body  especially the bone marrow. When multiple tumors are present or the bone marrow has greater than 10% plasma cells  the term multiple myeloma is used. In 2019  over 32 000 individuals in the U.S. were diagnosed with this disease. It is believed that approximately 100 000 Americans currently have the disease.About IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With Specialty Care sales of €2.6bn in FY 2021  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen  excluding its Consumer HealthCare business  has around 4 500 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comTazverik® is a registered trademark of Epizyme.Ipsen’s Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s 2021 Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.comReferences1 US Food and Drug Administration. Highlights Prescribing Information for Tazverik (tazemetostat). Available at: https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2020/213400s000lbl.pdf. Last accessed: June 20222 Cancer Research UK. Follicular Lymphoma. Available at: https://www.cancerresearchuk.org/about-cancer/non-hodgkin-lymphoma/types/follicular-lymphoma#:~:text=Follicular%20lymphoma%20is%20a%20type normally%20helps%20us%20fight%20infections. Last accessed June 20223 Rarediseases.org. Follicullar Lymphoma. Available at: https://rarediseases.org/rare-diseases/follicular-lymphoma. Last accessed June 2022.4 Mayo Clinic. Epithelioid sarcoma. Available at: https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/epithelioid-sarcoma/cdc-20392420#:~:text=Epithelioid%20sarcoma%20is%20a%20rare growth%20or%20lump%20that's%20painless. Last accessed June 2022.5 Siegel RL  Miller KD  Jemal A. Cancer statistics  2018. CA Cancer J Clin. 2018;68(1):7-30. doi:10.3322/caac.214426 Cancer Research UK. Diffuse large B cell lymphoma. Available at: https://www.cancerresearchuk.org/about-cancer/non-hodgkin-lymphoma/types/diffuse-large-B-cell-lymphoma#:~:text=Diffuse%20large%20B%20cell%20lymphoma%20(DLBCL)%20is%20a%20type%20of normally%20help%20to%20fight%20infections. Last accessed: June 20227 Lymphoma Research Foundation. Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma. Available at: https://lymphoma.org/aboutlymphoma/nhl/dlbcl/. Last accessed: June 20228 Raredisease.org. Multiple Myeloma. Available at: https://rarediseases.org/rare-diseases/multiple-myeloma. Last accessed June 2022.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.15,0.24,0.61,True,English,"['Ipsen', 'Acquisition', 'Epizyme', 'Portfolio', 'Oncology', 'class, oral SETD2 inhibitor development candidate', 'potent selective, oral, small molecule', 'U.S. Full Prescribing Information', 'class, chemotherapy-free EZH2a inhibitor', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'several key biological processes', 'two prior systemic therapies', 'satisfactory alternative treatment options', 'FDA Fast Track status', 'U.S. Food', 'innovative treatment options', 'definitive merger agreement', 'contingent value right', 'Phase I/Ib trial', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Post marketing studies', 'DNA damage repair', 'Phase 1/1b study', 'white blood cell', 'investigational drug agent', 'Most affected individuals', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'other B-cell malignancies', 'overall response rate', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'rare, slow-growing type', 'refractory follicular lymphoma', 'abnormal B lymphocytes', 'other body organs', 'soft tissue cancer', 'Accelerated Approval indications', 'an Ipsen company', 'methyltransferase inhibitor', 'two teams', 'SETD2 methylates', 'SETD2 inhibition', 'Drug Administration', 'abnormal lymphocytes', 'Most cases', 'Hodgkin lymphoma', 'multiple settings', 'refractory MM', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'international media', 'investor audiences', 'outstanding shares', 'lead medicine', 'EZH2 mutation', 'FDA-approved test', 'epithelioid sarcoma', 'complete resection', 'preclinical programs', 'epigenetic targets', 'scientific expertise', 'David Loew', 'zeste homolog', 'clinical benefit', 'adverse reactions', 'transcriptional regulation', 'RNA splicing', 'preclinical data', 'high risk', 'lymphatic system', 'lymph nodes', '15-20,000 people', 'advanced disease', 'lower leg', 'musculoskeletal pain', 'abdominal pain', 'histone methyltransferase', 'histone proteins', 'adult patients', 'pediatric patients', 'deal close', 'Epizyme colleagues', 'PARIS', 'Disclaimer', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'closing', 'transaction', 'CVR', 'part', 'Tazverik®', 'tazemetostat', 'adults', 'relapsed', 'FL', 'tumors', 'metastatic', 'EZM0414', 'evaluation', 'diffuse', 'portfolio', 'planning', 'potential', 'rest', 'pipeline', 'infrastructure', 'medicines', 'goal', 'Enhancer', 'ENDS', 'duration', 'fatigue', 'nausea', 'decreased', 'appetite', 'vomiting', 'constipation', 'role', 'oncogenesis', 'non', 'activity', 'DLBCL', 'SET-101', 'NHL', 'infections', 'skin', 'finger', 'hand', 'forearm', 'foot']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,businesswire.com
8891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220812005051/en/Budweiser-Celebrates-100-Days-to-The-FIFA-World-Cup%E2%84%A2-by-Partnering-with-Messi-Neymar-Jr.-and-Sterling-to-Drop-Hundreds-of-Prizes-For-Fans-Around-the-World,Budweiser Celebrates 100 Days to The FIFA World Cup™ by Partnering with Messi  Neymar Jr. and Sterling to Drop Hundreds of Prizes For Fans Around the World,LEUVEN  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $BUD #TheDrop--Budweiser will “drop” prizes in select destinations in the lead up to the biggest global sporting event  FIFA World Cup.,LEUVEN  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tomorrow  Budweiser  an Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) global brand will “drop” prizes in select destinations in the lead up to the biggest global sporting event. As the Official Beer of the FIFA World Cup  Budweiser is giving fans the once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the FIFA World Cup in person by dropping hundreds of red prize boxes in major cities that include signed memorabilia  a year’s supply of Budweiser  and the grand prize of a trip to the tournament.Beginning August 13  coordinates leading to prize boxes will be revealed to fans who scanned exclusive Budweiser QR codes. These exclusive QR codes were shared on Budweiser and athlete partner social accounts earlier this week  spurring curiosity and excitement from eager fans. QR codes appeared in locations commemorating Messi  Neymar Jr. and Sterling; with each code revealing a spot that tells the story of their journey from eager amateurs to the present-day superstars leading their teams out of the World Cup tunnel and into greatness. It’s with that same spirit Budweiser sends fans out to claim coveted FIFA World Cup prizes.“This year’s tournament is a unifying global moment that celebrates the possibilities of what’s to come and the athletes that continue to inspire us ” said Todd Allen  Global Vice President of Marketing  Budweiser. “As the Official Beer of the FIFA World Cup  we are engaging fans and elevating how they experience the games. With tomorrow’s drop  we are just getting started with what promises to be a banner year for football fans everywhere.”For more information and to view the terms and conditions  visit the link here.About Anheuser-Busch InBev and BudweiserAnheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck’s®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 169 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2021  AB InBev’s reported revenue was 54.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).Budweiser is a medium-bodied  flavorful  crisp American-style lager. Brewed with the best barley mallet and a blend of premium hop varieties  Budweiser is an icon of optimism and celebration which is enjoyed in over 60 countries around the world and is committed to brewing every Budweiser with 100% renewable energy.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.62,0.34,0.04,True,English,"['The FIFA World Cup™', 'Neymar Jr.', 'Budweiser', '100 Days', 'Messi', 'Sterling', 'Hundreds', 'Prizes', 'Fans', 'medium-bodied, flavorful, crisp American-style lager', 'athlete partner social accounts', 'biggest global sporting event', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'FIFA World Cup prizes', 'exclusive Budweiser QR codes', 'exclusive QR codes', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'premium hop varieties', 'unifying global moment', 'Global Vice President', 'World Cup tunnel', 'best barley mallet', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'red prize boxes', 'stock exchanges', 'new ways', 'global brand', 'best beers', 'grand prize', 'Co brewery', 'first brewery', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'AB InBev', 'select destinations', 'Official Beer', 'lifetime chance', 'major cities', 'Neymar Jr.', 'eager amateurs', 'present-day superstars', 'same spirit', 'Todd Allen', 'banner year', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'Stella Artois', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', '100% renewable energy', 'Castle Brewery', 'Castle Lite', 'Bud Light®', 'eager fans', 'football fans', 'Castle®', 'Budweiser®', 'LEUVEN', 'Tomorrow', 'lead', 'person', 'hundreds', 'memorabilia', 'supply', 'trip', 'tournament', 'coordinates', 'curiosity', 'excitement', 'locations', 'Messi', 'Sterling', 'spot', 'story', 'journey', 'teams', 'greatness', 'possibilities', 'athletes', 'Marketing', 'games', 'drop', 'information', 'terms', 'conditions', 'link', 'company', 'Euronext', 'Belgium', 'Mexico', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'future', 'cheers', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe®', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', '169,000 colleagues', '50 countries', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates', 'blend', 'icon', 'optimism', 'celebration', '60 countries', '2021']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,businesswire.com
8892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000978.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 11 Aug 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7213 £ 24.2061 Estimated MTD return 1.16 % 1.23 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -4.34 % Estimated ITD return 177.21 % 142.06 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -16.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.0031 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.9977The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000302.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 11 Aug 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.7213 £ 24.2061 Estimated MTD return 1.16 % 1.23 % Estimated YTD return -5.07 % -4.34 % Estimated ITD return 177.21 % 142.06 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -16.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.38 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.0031 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.9977The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unifiedpost-shows-continued-double-digit-050000306.html,Unifiedpost shows continued double-digit growth in first semester of 2022,Logo Logo Unifiedpost Group Consistent growth of revenue and customer base demonstrates momentum for digital business Regulated Information La Hulpe  Belgium...,LogoLogo Unifiedpost GroupConsistent growth of revenue and customer base demonstrates momentum for digital businessRegulated InformationLa Hulpe  Belgium – August 12  2022  7:00 a.m. CET – Unifiedpost Group’s (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) revenue in the first half year of 2022 increased by 13.6% y/y to €91.7 million. This substantial increase was mainly driven by the double-digit underlying growth in recurring digital revenue (+21.7%)  which is at the core of the business of the Company. Unifiedpost expects further double-digit growth due to the accelerated adoption of e-invoicing throughout Europe.HighlightsGroup revenue grew by 13.6% y/y to €91.7 million for H1 2022Recurring digital processing revenue up by 21.7% y/y in H1 2022Including project and license business  total digital processing revenue grew +17.7% y/y in H1 2022Strong growth of customer base with 14.9% in H1 compared to end 2021Reaching cash flow break-even point by H2 2023 is the predominant priority for the CompanyPromising new business opportunity for the Group with government portalsCommenting on the business update  Hans Leybaert  CEO and founder stated: “We show a solid organic growth  in line with budget  in the first half of 2022. Unifiedpost’s business remains strongly dependent on local e-invoicing regulations. We have monitored a positive evolution in the market in the sense that even more European countries have committed themselves to making e-invoicing mandatory in the near future. Some committed countries postponed the implementation in the short term but are still on the road towards obliging regulatory e-invoicing. Consequently  potential growth is currently concentrated in the countries where we see that due to regulatory tailwinds  companies tend to implement e-invoicing rather sooner. Looking forward to the coming quarters  we have a well-stocked pipeline of some large license deals. To pave the way for our long-term business development  we are currently also building several important partnerships. Next to that  our focus is on becoming cashflow break-even.”Story continuesKey financial figures(EUR million) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) Digital processing revenue 59.3 50.4 +17.7%21 8%-24 4%6 9%13 6% Recurring 55.9 45.9 +21.7%-24 4%Project & licenses 3.4 4.5 -24.3%6 9%Postage & parcel optimisation revenue 32.4 30.3 +6.9%Group revenue 91.7 80.7 +13.6%Key business KPI’s(#) End H1 2022 End 2021 Change (%) Customers 910 845 792 594 +14.9% Direct paying customers 430 524 368 277 +16.9% Indirect paying customers (third party) 480 321 424 317 +13.2% Companies in business network 1 745 401 1 504 895 +16.0% Banqup customers68 645 35 408 +93.9% Organic growth (new subscriptions) 10 726 4 855 +120.9% Migrated 22 511 - - Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox)35 382 28 864 +22.6% Banqup customers France (JeFacture)3 591 2 072 +73.3%Recurring digital processing revenue grew significantly by 21.7% in H1 2022Consolidated Group revenue in first semester of 2022 increased by 13.6% to €91.7 million  mainly driven by organic growth from digital processing revenue1. This core business of Unifiedpost contributed €59.3 million  an increase of 17.7% y/y  of which 13.7% was organic. Recurring digital revenue  i.e.  digital platform revenue excluding the project and license business  showed a strong growth rate of 21.7% y/y. The project and license business  which is non-recurring  contributed €3.4 million. Postage & parcel optimisation revenue showed a sound growth rate of 6.9% y/y. Group-wide recurring revenue remains high at 96.3% of total Group revenue for the first half of 2022.Customer base grew substantially by 14.9% in H1 2022In H1 2022 Unifiedpost grew its customer base to 910 845 customers (+14.9% compared to FY 2021). The consolidated business network expanded to over 1.75 million companies  representing an estimated share of 6% of SME businesses in Europe.The total number of Banqup customers grew to 68 645 (+93.9% compared end YE 2021). The customer growth includes migration effects  mainly from legacy platforms in the Baltics. Adjusting for such migrated users  the number of Banqup users increased by 10 726 in the first six months of 2022  supported by a very pleasing organic growth in markets like France  Serbia and in the Benelux.In the French market  Unifiedpost sees the number of JeFacture customers increasing steadily. Management expects exponential customer growth rates when the deadline for mandatory B2B e-invoicing is nearing.Overall average revenue per user (ARPU) in digital processing business amounts to €23 for Q2 2022. This reflects some decline compared to Q1 (€24.5). This decrease is as expected by the management. It is important to emphasize that this effect results from the significantly higher contribution from Unifiedpost’s SME business in terms of new customers  which have a significantly lower ARPU. This leads to a structural dilution of the overall ARPU figure  in line with expectations based on the Company’s strategy.Platform scalability and new ecosystems show promising resultsUnifiedpost Group continued to successfully launch its Banqup platform in 2022. Given the accelerated adoption of e-invoicing throughout Europe  the growth of the platform is expected to continue based on the implementation of regulation on country level2. Unifiedpost has been speeding up the roll-out of its payment services by further connecting major European banks to the platform. Today the Company has 686 banking connections (PSD2) in 19 countries. As of today  the payment functionality is live in 8 countries and is expected to reach 14 by year end 2022.Impact of macro-economic and geopolitical situationUnifiedpost has not been directly impacted by the Russian aggression against Ukraine. The Group has no business in Ukraine  nor in Russia. It also has no development centres in these countries. All countries where the Group is active are however experiencing levels of inflation that have not been observed in decades.MarketThe world has changed. The uncertain geo-political environment and the supply chain disruptions are persisting. This creates a challenging business context impacting businesses worldwide with international sanctions against Russia  rising energy prices  unprecedented inflation and increasing interest rates. As businesses seek in these circumstances for cost efficiency measures  the need for digital solutions like e-invoicing is more relevant than ever. Governments are largely impacted today by an increasing deficit and debt. To reduce their deficit  governments are accelerating the fight against VAT fraud by declaring e-invoicing mandatory. Within the EU the program ‘VAT in Digital Age’ is a new legislative package to adapt the way value-added tax shall be reported and collected. This should lead to a significant boost for the (B2B) e-invoicing once the laws are in force. The boost is expected in the period 2023-2028. The year 2022 is for most of the countries a preparation year. Countries who had already released a timetable for making B2B e-invoicing mandatory are experiencing some execution delays. This is the case in Poland and France. Additionally  market trends show that the increased adoption of B2B-invoicing is closely linked to the deadline of mandatory e-invoicing. The growth in markets is back end loaded. With the increasing legislation on mandatory e-invoicing there is an increasing demand from governments for e-invoice portals. Governments aim to offer a basic free e-invoicing portal to businesses.Management guidanceUnifiedpost’s organic growth has been supported by a growing number of SME and corporate customers  and an increasing usage of the platform. The growth is steady double-digit. A further acceleration is linked to the deadlines of governments making e-invoicing mandatory. These ground-breaking movements are challenging for governments.New business opportunities have emerged for Unifiedpost: government portals. A basic version of the Unifiedpost platform is a perfect solution for government e-invoice portals and gateways to VAT-compliance validation. Unifiedpost has sold platform licenses to governments in the past. Today  with the regulatory tailwinds becoming stronger and stronger  more business can be generated. With the transitional year 2022 for the B2B e-invoicing market the Group will generate substantial additional revenue from this business in Q3/Q4 with license deals. The pipeline for license sale is well stocked. These deals  if timely materialised in 2022  will support the organic growth of 25%.Due to the changed business conditions  the Company has decided to make the target to become cashflow break-even its predominant priority. The target is to be cashflow break-even by the second semester of 2023. All costs and investments will further be aligned to B2B e-invoice market developments and market growth. The costs of the Group are meanwhile impacted directly and indirectly by inflation. To counter that impact the Group plans to increase sales prices.Investors & Media webcastManagement will host a live video webcast for analysts  investors and media today at 10:00 a.m. CET.A recording will be available shortly after the event. To attend  please register at https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=AE36E23B-6237-4AB5-B993-341BE192ADC3A full replay be available after the webcast at: https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/investor-relationsFinancial Calendar 202216 September 2022 Publication H1 2022 Financial Results10 November 2022 Publication Q3 2022 Business UpdateInvestor Relations & MediaSarah Heuninck+32 491 15 05 09sarah.heuninck@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1 600 000 SMEs and more than 2 500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2021 turnover € 171 million1400+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.1 As from Q2 2022  organic growth includes revenue from all acquired entities.2 An international roadmap and details on tax compliance can be found on https://www.unifiedpost.com/en/crossnet/tax-compliance .Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.21,0.35,True,English,"['double-digit growth', 'first semester', 'Unifiedpost', 'Recurring digital processing revenue', 'exponential customer growth rates', 'total digital processing revenue', 'Logo Logo Unifiedpost Group', 'End H1 2022 End 2021 Change', 'recurring digital revenue', 'Group-wide recurring revenue', 'digital platform revenue', 'several important partnerships', 'Key financial figures', 'parcel optimisation revenue', 'Overall average revenue', 'digital processing business', 'sound growth rate', 'first six months', 'Highlights Group revenue', 'total Group revenue', 'local e-invoicing regulations', 'large license deals', 'mandatory B2B e-invoicing', 'long-term business development', 'Key business KPI', 'double-digit underlying growth', 'solid organic growth', 'strong growth rate', 'pleasing organic growth', 'overall ARPU figure', 'Indirect paying customers', 'first half year', 'new business opportunity', 'Consolidated Group revenue', 'Banqup customers France', 'digital business', 'end YE', 'double-digit growth', 'Consistent growth', 'potential growth', 'first semester', 'license business', 'customer base', 'new subscriptions', 'total number', 'regulatory e-invoicing', 'new customers', 'business update', 'business network', 'SME business', 'Regulated Information', 'La Hulpe', 'cash flow', 'predominant priority', 'government portals', 'Hans Leybaert', 'positive evolution', 'near future', 'short term', 'regulatory tailwinds', 'coming quarters', 'third party', 'migration effects', 'legacy platforms', 'higher contribution', 'lower ARPU', 'structural dilution', 'Banqup users', 'European countries', 'committed countries', 'core business', 'substantial increase', 'French market', 'JeFacture customers', '1.75 million companies', '910,845 customers', 'momentum', 'Belgium', 'August', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'accelerated', 'adoption', 'project', 'H2', 'CEO', 'founder', 'line', 'budget', 'sense', 'implementation', 'road', 'way', 'focus', 'cashflow', 'Story', 'licenses', 'Postage', 'Billtobox', 'FY', 'share', 'Baltics', 'markets', 'Serbia', 'Benelux', 'Management', 'Q2', 'Q1', 'decrease', 'terms', 'expectations', '7:00', '21.', '14.', '68']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220812005196/en/NIHR-and-Sanofi-Announce-First-Patient-Enrolled-in-Large-European-Clinical-Study-to-Investigate-Protection-Against-RSV-the-Leading-Cause-of-Infant-Hospitalisation-Worldwide,NIHR and Sanofi Announce First Patient Enrolled in Large European Clinical Study to Investigate Protection Against RSV  the Leading Cause of Infant Hospitalisation Worldwide,READING  England--(BUSINESS WIRE)--First patient enrolled in large European clinical study to investigate protection against RSV  the leading cause of infant hospitalisation worldwide,READING  England--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sanofi (EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY) and the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) have today announced that the first patient has been enrolled in the Hospitalised RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) study. The large European interventional clinical study is investigating protection against Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants. HARMONIE is an open label trial that will evaluate the use of nirsevimab  a passive immunisation  in a broad population. RSV is the leading cause of hospitalisation in all infants worldwidei and affects 90% of children before the age of two.iiThe study has been developed as a collaboration between NIHR  investigators  Sanofi and its clinical research organisation partner  Labcorp. More than 20 000 infants across 3 countries (United Kingdom  France  Germany) will be enrolled from August 2022 to March 2023  of which the majority (up to 12 000) will be UK infants.The first patient visit took place at Cripps Health Centre at the University of Nottingham  United Kingdom on August 8  2022. The study will take place across approximately 280 sites  of which around 110 are in the UK. HARMONIE is Sanofi’s first hybrid digital study  and requires only one patient visit.Dr Simon RoyalPrimary Investigator  Honorary Assistant Professor at the University of Nottingham Medical School and GP at the University of Nottingham Health Service  said:“The HARMONIE study will expand our understanding of how well a one-off injection protects babies from RSV. RSV is a major cause of death and illness in children across the world and it is the most common reason for admission to hospital in children aged under one year in the UK. Nearly 80% of the children admitted to hospital with RSV are previously healthy and at certain times of the year  children’s wards are full of babies with disease caused by this virus.”Professor Andrew Ustianowski National Specialty Lead for Infection at NIHR Clinical Research Network  said:“This study  supported by the National Institute for Health and Care Research across over 100 sites  provides the UK with the opportunity to lead the way in a disease which impacts infants globally.“By carrying out this widespread study  we can help discover how babies can be protected from such a common  yet potentially debilitating virus.”Dr Bogdana CoudsyGlobal Head of Medical for Vaccines at Sanofi  said:“Given RSV is a leading cause of hospitalisation in all infants  we are excited to start this research that put the needs of participants  carers  and investigators at the heart of its development. This is an innovative study in design and execution  a model for the future  thanks to a hybrid digital design and close collaborative work.”RSV places a significant burden on families and health servicesGlobally  in 2015  there were approximately 30 million cases of acute lower respiratory infections. This led to more than 3 million hospitalisations  and it was estimated that there were 60 000 in-hospital deaths of children younger than 5 years.iii-iv In recent months  there has been a resurgence of RSV following the easing of COVID-19 public health measures.v-viA peer-reviewed RAND and University of Cambridge report on the burden of RSV estimated that RSV costs the UK £80 million in healthcare costs and productivity losses each year.vii In 2017  RSV-related direct medical costs—including hospital  outpatient and follow-up care—were estimated at €4.82 billion globally.viiiA survey of 1 500 UK parents commissioned by Sanofi in 2021 revealed that 83% of parents said infant respiratory infections impacted their mental health  with 4 in 10 (41%) experiencing significant emotional distress.ixNirsevimab is being developed by Sanofi and AstraZeneca.More information about the trial can be found at http://rsvharmoniestudy.comENDSAbout HARMONIEHospitalised RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention (HARMONIE) is a phase 3b randomised open-label study of nirsevimab in preventing hospitalisations due to respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants under 12 months.This study will include newborn babies to babies 12 months old who are in  or are approaching  their first RSV season. It will last approximately 12 months.HARMONIE is an open label interventional study which builds on successful results in phase 2b/3 trials of nirsevimab across all infants.x Regulatory submissions for nirsevimab are already underway.HARMONIE has been designed and developed as a result of close collaboration between Sanofi  investigators and Labcorp  with the purpose of minimising burden on participants  caregivers and parents and as such is based around a single in person visit with entirely virtual follow up.For more information visit http://rsvharmoniestudy.com.About NirsevimabNirsevimab is an investigational long-acting antibody aiming to protect all infants from birth entering their first RSV season with a single dose.x xi xiiNirsevimab is an immunisation designed to provide direct RSV protection to all infants via an antibody to help prevent LRTI caused by RSV.In March 2017  Sanofi and AstraZeneca announced an agreement to develop and commercialise nirsevimab. Under the terms of the agreement  AstraZeneca leads all development and manufacturing activities and Sanofi will lead commercialisation activities and record revenues. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi made an upfront payment of €120m  has paid a development milestone of €30m and will pay up to a further €465m upon achievement of certain development and sales-related milestones. The two companies share all costs and profits. Revenue from the agreement is reported as Collaboration Revenue in the Company’s financial statements.Nirsevimab has been granted regulatory designations to facilitate expedited development by several regulatory agencies around the world. These include Breakthrough Therapy Designation by The China Center for Drug Evaluation under the National Medical Products Administration; Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the US Food and Drug Administration; access granted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIority MEdicines scheme; Promising Innovative Medicine designation by the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency; and named “a medicine for prioritised development” under the Project for Drug Selection to Promote New Drug Development in Pediatrics by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED). Nirsevimab has seen successful results in phase 2b/3 trials across all infants.x The safety and efficacy of nirsevimab is currently being evaluated under an accelerated assessment procedure by the EMA. Nirsevimab has not been approved by any regulatory authority.About NIHRThe mission of the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) is to improve the health and wealth of the nation through research. We do this by:- Funding high quality  timely research that benefits the NHS  public health and social care;- Investing in world-class expertise  facilities and a skilled delivery workforce to translate discoveries into improved treatments and services;- Partnering with patients  service users  carers and communities  improving the relevance  quality and impact of our research;- Attracting  training and supporting the best researchers to tackle complex health and social care challenges;- Collaborating with other public funders  charities and industry to help shape a cohesive and globally competitive research system;- Funding applied global health research and training to meet the needs of the poorest people in low and middle income countries.NIHR is funded by the Department of Health and Social Care. Its work in low and middle income countries is principally funded through UK Aid from the UK government.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and potentially life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYReferencesi Verway C  and Nunes  MC. RSV lower respiratory tract infection and lung health in the first 2 years of life. The Lancet Global Health. 2020; 8(10): E1247-E1248ii Wennergren  G and Kristjånsson  S. Relationship between respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis and future obstructive airway diseases. Eur Respir J. 2001; 18:1044–1058 DOI: 10.1183/09031936.01.00254101iii Shi T  et al. Global  regional  and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children in 2015: a systematic review and modelling study. Lancet 2017;390:946–58.iv Oxford Vaccines Group. What is RSV? https://vk.ovg.ox.ac.uk/vk/rsv. Accessed August 2022.v Ujiie M  Tsuzuki S  Nakamoto T  et al. Resurgence of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections during COVID-19 Pandemic  Tokyo  Japan. Emerging Infectious Diseases. 2021;27(11):2969-2970. doi:10.3201/eid2711.211565vi CDC Health Alert Network. Increased Interseasonal Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Activity in Parts of the Southern United States. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. June 10 2021. https://emergency.cdc.gov/han/2021/han00443.asp Accessed May 2022vii Fusco F  et al. The impact of respiratory syncytial virus on the NHS  society and economy in the UK. RAND  May 2022. This research was commissioned and fully funded by a sponsorship agreement with Sanofi. RAND Europe and the University of Cambridge had full editorial control of and independence in the analyses performed and presented in this report  which has been peer-reviewed in accordance with RAND’s quality assurance standards. This work is intended to inform the public good and should not be taken as a commercial endorsement of any product or service. https://www.rand.org/randeurope/research/projects/impact-of-respiratory-syncytial-virus.html Accessed August 2022.viii Zhang S  et al. Cost of Respiratory Syncytial Virus-Associated Acute Lower Respiratory Infection Management in Young Children at the Regional and Global Level: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. J Infect Dis. 2020;222(Suppl 7):S680-687ix Adelphi Research Survey Commissioned by Sanofi  July 2021. Sanofi Data on File.x Clinicaltrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MEDI8897 for the Prevention of Medically Attended RSV LRTI in Healthy Late Preterm and Term Infants (MELODY). https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03979313. Accessed August 2022.xiClinicaltrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Safety of MEDI8897 for the Prevention of Medically Attended Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Lower Respiratory Track Infection (LRTI) in High-risk Children. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03959488. Accessed August 2022.xii Zhu Q  et al. A highly potent extended half-life antibody as a potential RSV vaccine surrogate for all infants. Sci Transl Med. 2017;9:pii: eaaj1928,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.17,0.2,0.63,True,English,"['Large European Clinical Study', 'First Patient', 'Leading Cause', 'Infant Hospitalisation', 'NIHR', 'Sanofi', 'Protection', 'RSV', 'Dr Simon Royal Primary Investigator', 'phase 3b randomised open-label study', 'large European interventional clinical study', 'Hospitalised RSV Monoclonal Antibody Prevention', 'clinical research organisation partner', 'acute lower respiratory infections', 'COVID-19 public health measures', 'open label interventional study', 'RSV-related direct medical costs', 'NIHR Clinical Research Network', 'first hybrid digital study', 'Dr Bogdana Coudsy', 'phase 2b/3 trials', 'infant respiratory infections', 'investigational long-acting antibody', 'open label trial', 'Honorary Assistant Professor', 'Professor Andrew Ustianowski', 'hybrid digital design', 'virtual follow up', 'Respiratory syncytial virus', 'close collaborative work', 'significant emotional distress', 'National Specialty Lead', 'first patient visit', 'Cripps Health Centre', 'Nottingham Medical School', 'one patient visit', 'first RSV season', 'Nottingham Health Service', 'The HARMONIE study', 'healthcare costs', 'person visit', 'Care Research', 'widespread study', 'innovative study', 'National Institute', 'health services', 'mental health', 'debilitating virus', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'broad population', 'leading cause', 'United Kingdom', 'one-off injection', 'major cause', 'common reason', 'one year', 'Global Head', '30 million cases', 'Cambridge report', 'productivity losses', 'follow-up care', 'successful results', 'Regulatory submissions', 'close collaboration', 'single in', 'single dose', 'HARMONIE) study', 'significant burden', 'passive immunisation', '3 million hospitalisations', 'recent months', 'RSV protection', 'hospital deaths', 'newborn babies', 'More information', '1,500 UK parents', 'UK infants', '12 months', '20,000 infants', 'READING', 'Sanofi', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'SNY', 'nirsevimab', 'children', 'age', 'investigators', 'Labcorp', '3 countries', 'France', 'Germany', 'August', 'March', 'majority', 'place', 'University', '280 sites', 'GP', 'understanding', 'illness', 'world', 'admission', 'times', 'wards', 'disease', '100 sites', 'opportunity', 'way', 'Vaccines', 'needs', 'participants', 'carers', 'heart', 'development', 'execution', 'model', 'future', 'families', '5 years', 'resurgence', 'easing', 'outpatient', 'survey', 'ix', 'AstraZeneca', 'rsvharmoniestudy', 'ENDS', 'purpose', 'caregivers', 'birth', '60,000']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,businesswire.com
8896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-net-asset-161500360.html,Volta Finance Limited: Net Asset Value as at 31 July 2022,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – July 2022 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES *...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – July 2022 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  12 August 2022AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for June. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYJuly saw a recovery from the losses faced the previous two months. The fund gained +4.5%  mainly driven by EUR CLO equity holdings (+2 7% contribution in NAV performance).Through asset classes  the monthly performances** were: -2.8% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +5% for CLO equity tranches; +2.3% for CLO debt; -5% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (together representing 2.3% of NAV).In the footsteps of most markets (July was one of the best months for the High Yield bonds market since years)  the loan markets rallied and therefore CLO followed.Across CLO market  USD CLO equity received cashflows below expected due to the loss of the Libor floor  in contrast with EUR deals that received higher cashflows than expected. In addition to the EUR CLO equity prices rally (after two tough months)  it leads to a double digit performance for this asset class in July.During the last month  the fund sold 2 USD CLO tranches rated BB and B  and acquired 2 EUR tranches (of the same deal) rated BB and B too. The purchases were based on the following assumptions : 18 months to call  15% and 22% IRR respectively.For the coming weeks  Volta will participate in two CLO warehouses  one short USD warehouse and an EUR warehouse thereafter  both investments will be rolled in the CLO equity issuance. Under the current assumptions  the target IRR is around 15% for both deal  with limited risk for the USD warehouse as the fund is investing after CLO pricing. More details will be communicated in the next report.Story continuesIn July  Volta received the equivalent of €9.8m in terms of interest and coupons. For the 6 months ended July 2022  Volta received €24.3m interest and coupons representing a 21.4% annualized cash flow to NAV.As already stated in the past  Volta didn’t suffer from any diversion of cash flows from its CLO Equity positions  we think that it would continue for the coming quarters.As at the end of July 2022  Volta’s NAV was €227.7m or €6.22 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 7.0% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 6.4% as at 30 June 2022 and 0.6% as at 31 March 2022..** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.24,0.26,0.5,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 July', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A', 'EUR CLO equity prices rally', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'High Yield bonds market', 'one short USD warehouse', 'EUR CLO equity holdings', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'USD CLO equity', 'CLO equity issuance', 'CLO Equity positions', 'CLO equity tranches', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'two CLO warehouses', '21.4% annualized cash flow', '2 USD CLO tranches', 'residential mortgage loans', 'structured finance assets', 'previous two months', 'two tough months', 'double digit performance', 'Serge Demay serge', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'investment management company', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'date NAV information', 'listed securities', 'July 2022 monthly report', 'limited risk', '2 EUR tranches', 'EUR warehouse', 'CLO market', 'EUR deals', 'CLO debt', 'CLO pricing', 'AXA IM', 'cash flows', 'investment objectives', 'month-end date', 'credit cycle', 'automobile loans', 'Corporate Broker', 'corporate credits', 'full report', 'next report', 'Main Market', 'UNITED STATES', 'asset classes', 'most markets', 'best months', 'loan markets', 'Libor floor', 'last month', 'following assumptions', 'coming weeks', 'current assumptions', 'More details', 'coming quarters', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'monthly performances', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'The Company', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'higher cashflows', 'same deal', 'target IRR', '€24.3m interest', 'period ends', 'sovereign debt', 'underlying assets', 'NAV performance', 'diversified investments', '18 months', '6 months', '22% IRR', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '12 August', 'June', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'recovery', 'losses', 'fund', '7% contribution', 'ABS', 'footsteps', 'years', 'contrast', 'addition', 'BB', 'purchases', 'Story', 'equivalent', 'terms', 'coupons', 'past', 'diversion', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', '31 March', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'dividends', 'approach', 'vehicles', 'arrangements', 'exposure', 'portfolios', 'division', '44']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/public-health-experts-underscore-importance-150000854.html,Public health experts underscore importance of flu vaccinations to help reduce health inequities among high-risk populations,Amid signs that a more severe influenza season is approaching in the US  a panel of public health leaders today urged that people get vaccinated in...,"Vaccine fatigue may continue to be a barrier to the upcoming flu seasonBlack Americans are less likely to get a flu vaccine compared to white Americans  increasing risk of flu-related complications or hospitalizations 1People over 65 account for majority of flu-related hospitalizations and deaths 2Panelists from the American Heart Association  the American Diabetes Association  the American Lung Association and the National Minority Quality Forum joined Sanofi to discuss drivers of flu-related healthcare inequities across populationsBRIDGEWATER  N.J.  Aug. 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Amid signs that a more severe influenza season is approaching in the US  a panel of public health leaders today urged that people get vaccinated in preparation for the upcoming influenza season and warned that patients in high-risk populations tend to suffer significant flu-related health disparities.3The conversation focused on how to increase protection for people over 65 and those with weakened immune systems  including those with chronic conditions such as diabetes  asthma  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and cardiovascular disease. Experts also considered how inequities translate to higher rates of hospitalizations due to the flu among Black Americans and other under-represented communities.1The virtual discussion  hosted by Sanofi with invited media in attendance  was moderated by Michael Greenberg  MD  MPH  North America Medical Head of Vaccines at Sanofi.Michael Greenberg  MD  MPHNorth America Medical Head of Vaccines at Sanofi""We have the tools to help reduce the burden of disease in populations most severely affected by flu  especially among those over age 65. By partnering with organizations and healthcare providers  we can combat complacency among those who may be fatigued by vaccine news  and who may not understand the severe complications of a flu infection that vaccines can help prevent. As a leader in flu vaccines  Sanofi aims to help protect high-risk populations from flu and its related complications. We have a responsibility to help prevent as much flu as possible through vaccination.""Story continuesExperts anticipate a rise in flu cases in the Northern Hemisphere this flu season compared with last year based on the steep rise in cases in the Southern Hemisphere this season.4 Today's panel  composed of chief medical officers of the American Heart Association  the American Diabetes Association  the American Lung Association and the President and CEO of the National Minority Quality Forum  provided insights on the impact of flu in light of a decline in vaccination rates during the 2021-2022 flu season.Gary A. Puckrein  PhDPresident & CEO  National Minority Quality Forum""The economic and health burden of vaccine-preventable influenza on communities of color is clear and access to effective vaccines is essential. The level of disparity in vaccine uptake  particularly among patients of color  points to structural deficits systematically hampering access to influenza vaccination.5""Age can be a factor when it comes to flu-related complications and flu vaccinations can help reduce the burden of disease.6 In a study of influenza vaccine effectiveness in 3 135 adults over 18 during 2012-2015  of adults hospitalized as a result of the flu  vaccinated patients were 59% less likely to be admitted to the intensive care unit than those who had not been vaccinated.7 Importantly  Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  an advisory body to the CDC  has recognized that certain flu vaccines are potentially more effective for people over 65.8Comorbidities present the risk for added complications  according to the experts. Among adults hospitalized with influenza during recent flu seasons  about half had heart disease.9 In recent seasons  about 30% of adult flu hospitalizations had diabetes and during the 2021-22 flu season  30.6% of flu-related hospitalizations were among adults with chronic lung disease.10 11Eduardo Sanchez  MD  MPH  FAHA  FAAFPChief Medical Officer for Prevention  American Heart Association""Hands down  your best protection from the flu this year comes from the flu shot  which is proven to be practical and cost-effective. Virtually everyone can benefit from the flu shot and that's especially true for people with heart disease and seniors who are more likely to be hospitalized with flu and flu-related complications.2 9 If you're over 65  you should ask about getting the specific flu vaccines this year which may potentially be more effective.""Robert Gabbay  MDChief Science & Medical Officer  American Diabetes Association""People with diabetes are at high risk of serious flu complications  even when well-managed  which can result in flu-related hospitalization and sometimes even flu-related death.10 Preventing flu and its serious complications should be a global public health priority and we aim to encourage vaccinations as we approach the upcoming flu season.""Albert Rizzo  MDChief Medical Officer  American Lung Association""While anyone can get the flu  certain people are at increased risk for developing serious flu complications such as those living with chronic medical conditions including asthma  COPD and other chronic lung diseases.3 The flu can be deadly  which is why we urge all eligible people six months or older to get the flu shot annually.""Participating organizations did not receive compensation for this discussion. The above quotes were adapted from each speaker's prepared remarks.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comKate Conway | + 1 617 981 2738 | kate.conway@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | +1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi's ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.1 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu Disparities Among Racial and Ethnic Minority Groups. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/disparities-racial-ethnic-minority-groups.html. Accessed July 27  2022.2 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu & People 65 Years and Older. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/65over.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.3 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. People at Higher Risk for Flu Complications. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/index.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.4 Australian Government Department of Health. Australian Influenza Surveillance Report - 2022 Influenza Season in Australia. Available at: https://www1.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/cda-surveil-ozflu-flucurr.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.5 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu Disparities Among Racial and Ethnic Minority Groups. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/disparities-racial-ethnic-minority-groups.html. Accessed July 2022.6 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Key Facts About Seasonal Flu. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/prevent/keyfacts.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.7 Thompson MG  Pierse N  Sue Huang Q  et al. Influenza vaccine effectiveness in preventing influenza-associated intensive care admissions and attenuating severe disease among adults in New Zealand 2012-2015. Vaccine. 2018;36(39):5916-5925.8 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ACIP Flu Meeting Update: Flu Vaccines Worked Better than Reported & ACIP Recommends Specific Vaccines for Seniors. Available at https://www.cdc.gov/flu/spotlights/2021-2022/specific-vaccines-seniors.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.9 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu and People with Heart Disease or History of Stroke. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/heartdisease.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.10 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu and People with Diabetes. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/diabetes.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.11 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. FluView Interactive. Laboratory-Confirmed Influenza Hospitalizations. Available at: https://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluviewithFluHospChars.html. Accessed July 12  2022.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/public-health-experts-underscore-importance-of-flu-vaccinations-to-help-reduce-health-inequities-among-high-risk-populations-301605030.htmlSOURCE Sanofi",neutral,0.08,0.6,0.32,mixed,0.13,0.26,0.62,True,English,"['Public health experts', 'health inequities', 'flu vaccinations', 'high-risk populations', 'importance', 'National Minority Quality Forum', 'North America Medical Head', 'global public health priority', 'significant flu-related health disparities', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'public health leaders', 'American Lung Association', 'weakened immune systems', 'Gary A. Puckrein', 'intensive care unit', 'chief medical officers', 'American Heart Association', 'upcoming influenza season', 'chronic lung disease', 'American Diabetes Association', 'upcoming flu season', '2021-2022 flu season', '2021-22 flu season', 'severe influenza season', 'influenza vaccine effectiveness', 'recent flu seasons', 'flu-related healthcare inequities', 'adult flu hospitalizations', 'specific flu vaccines', 'serious flu complications', 'chronic conditions', 'recent seasons', 'Chief Science', 'heart disease', 'health burden', 'healthcare providers', 'severe complications', 'serious complications', 'flu-related complications', 'vaccine-preventable influenza', 'flu-related hospitalization', 'flu-related death', 'Vaccine fatigue', 'vaccine news', 'vaccine uptake', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Black Americans', 'white Americans', 'N.J.', 'higher rates', 'virtual discussion', 'Michael Greenberg', 'Northern Hemisphere', 'last year', 'Southern Hemisphere', 'structural deficits', 'influenza vaccination', 'Advisory Committee', 'Immunization Practices', 'advisory body', 'Eduardo Sanchez', 'Robert Gabbay', 'Albert Rizzo', 'flu infection', 'flu shot', 'effective vaccines', 'vaccination rates', 'high-risk populations', 'represented communities', 'steep rise', 'best protection', 'flu vaccinations', 'vaccinated patients', 'high risk', 'barrier', 'People', 'majority', 'deaths', 'Panelists', 'Sanofi', 'drivers', 'BRIDGEWATER', 'PRNewswire', 'signs', 'preparation', 'conversation', 'asthma', 'COPD', 'Experts', 'other', 'media', 'attendance', 'MD', 'MPH', 'tools', 'age', 'organizations', 'complacency', 'responsibility', 'Story', 'cases', 'President', 'CEO', 'insights', 'impact', 'light', 'decline', 'PhD', 'economic', 'color', 'access', 'level', 'disparity', 'factor', 'study', '3,135 adults', 'result', 'ACIP', 'CDC', 'Comorbidities', 'half', 'FAHA', 'FAAFP', 'Prevention', 'everyone', 'seniors']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,finance.yahoo.com
8898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-named-second-largest-global-third-party-provider-in-the-everest-group-bps-top-50-for-all-industries-301605039.html,Teleperformance Named Second Largest Global Third Party Provider in the Everest Group BPS Top 50 for All Industries,Teleperformance ranks as a worldwide top 2 third party business services provider  across all industries  based on revenue and year-on-year growth for the second consecutive year NEW YORK  Aug. 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a leading global group …,"Teleperformance ranks as a worldwide top 2 third party business services provider  across all industries  based on revenue and year-on-year growth for the second consecutive yearNEW YORK  Aug. 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a leading global group in digitally integrated business services  held its spot at number two on the Everest Group BPS Top 50™ for the second year in a row and was among the top five fastest-growing companies in the burgeoning business services industry. The BPS Top 50 is a global list of the 50 largest third-party business provider services (BPS)  released each year as a reference point for the industry. Everest Group is a renowned research firm focused on strategic IT  engineering services  business services and sourcing.To determine the rankings  Everest Group ranked providers based on their overall business process services revenue and year-on-year growth. On the basis of growth  it has two sub-parameters: absolute growth (a change in BPS revenue  in USD) and percentage growth (percentage change in BPS revenue).[1] In its report  Everest Group recognized Teleperformance's key BPS offerings: contact center capabilities  F&A  HR  financial services  and insurance.The overall BPS industry is currently valued at more than $225 billion USD  with each year presenting many opportunities for growth. The BPS industry is experiencing tremendous growth as it continues to evolve due to the influx of new technologies which have contributed to boosting the value of services. As digital transformation expands  BPS providers must be proactive when it comes to aligning existing operating models to ensure the exploration of new areas that promote growth.In the official announcement Rajesh Ranjan  partner and global head  BPS  at Everest Group  noted: ""First  as we predicted  2021 was a great year for the BPS industry  with Top 50 providers growing at 12.5 to 13% versus 1 to 2% in 2020. Providers that managed the COVID crisis well and continued to invest in next-gen capabilities anchored around the BPS 4.0 value proposition grew significantly above the market average.""For over four decades  Teleperformance's global best practices and proven solutions continue to improve business results for our clients and their customers all around the world. Today  we continue to strengthen our commitment to innovation to meet changing expectations in the face of disruption.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceFINANCIAL ANALYSTS ANDINVESTORS Investor relations and financialcommunication department TELEPERFORMANCE Tél : +33 1 53 83 59 15 [email protected] PRESS RELATIONS Europe Laurent Poinsot – Karine Allouis IMAGE7 Tél : +33 1 53 70 74 70 [email protected] PRESS RELATIONS Americas and Asia-Pacific Mark Pfeiffer TELEPERFORMANCE Tel: + 1 801-257-5811 [email protected]SOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,positive,0.65,0.23,0.12,True,English,"['Global Third Party Provider', 'Everest Group BPS', 'All Industries', 'Teleperformance', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'top 2 third party business services provider', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'Karine Allouis IMAGE7 Tél', 'PRESS RELATIONS Europe Laurent Poinsot', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', '50 largest third-party business provider services', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'overall business process services revenue', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'top five fastest-growing companies', 'Asia-Pacific Mark Pfeiffer TELEPERFORMANCE', 'burgeoning business services industry', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'Everest Group BPS Top', 'PRESS RELATIONS Americas', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'INVESTORS Investor relations', 'TELEPERFORMANCE Tél', 'optimized business processes', 'The BPS Top', 'renowned research firm', 'existing operating models', 'citizen experience management', 'deferred settlement service', 'global best practices', 'Euronext Paris market', 'overall BPS industry', 'related digital services', 'contact center capabilities', 'successful customer interaction', 'key BPS offerings', 'leading global group', 'The BPS industry', 'second consecutive year', 'BPS 4.0 value proposition', 'largest companies', 'FTSE4Good index', 'business results', 'Safer"" process', 'engineering services', 'digital solutions', 'Top 50 providers', 'financial services', 'proven solutions', 'global list', 'global head', 'global leader', 'BPS revenue', 'second year', 'next-gen capabilities', 'market average', 'outsourced customer', 'consolidated revenue', 'digital transformation', 'great year', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'NEW YORK', 'reference point', 'strategic IT', 'two sub-parameters', 'F&A', 'many opportunities', 'new technologies', 'new areas', 'official announcement', 'Rajesh Ranjan', 'COVID crisis', 'four decades', 'changing expectations', 'Simpler, Faster', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'communication department', 'BPS providers', 'year growth', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'absolute growth', 'percentage growth', 'tremendous growth', 'percentage change', 'TEP FP', 'strategic partner', 'many industries', 'worldwide', 'PRNewswire', 'digitally', 'spot', 'number', 'sourcing', 'rankings', 'basis', 'USD', 'report', 'HR', 'insurance', 'influx', 'exploration', 'clients', 'customers', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'face', 'disruption', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '265 languages', '170 markets', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'CAC', 'information', 'Twitter', '2021', '53']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,prnewswire.com
8899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/public-health-experts-underscore-importance-of-flu-vaccinations-to-help-reduce-health-inequities-among-high-risk-populations-301605030.html,Public health experts underscore importance of flu vaccinations to help reduce health inequities among high-risk populations,Vaccine fatigue may continue to be a barrier to the upcoming flu season Black Americans are less likely to get a flu vaccine compared to white Americans  increasing risk of flu-related complications or hospitalizations1 People over 65 account for majority of …,"Vaccine fatigue may continue to be a barrier to the upcoming flu seasonBlack Americans are less likely to get a flu vaccine compared to white Americans  increasing risk of flu-related complications or hospitalizations 1People over 65 account for majority of flu-related hospitalizations and deaths 2Panelists from the American Heart Association  the American Diabetes Association  the American Lung Association and the National Minority Quality Forum joined Sanofi to discuss drivers of flu-related healthcare inequities across populationsBRIDGEWATER  N.J.  Aug. 12  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Amid signs that a more severe influenza season is approaching in the US  a panel of public health leaders today urged that people get vaccinated in preparation for the upcoming influenza season and warned that patients in high-risk populations tend to suffer significant flu-related health disparities.3The conversation focused on how to increase protection for people over 65 and those with weakened immune systems  including those with chronic conditions such as diabetes  asthma  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and cardiovascular disease. Experts also considered how inequities translate to higher rates of hospitalizations due to the flu among Black Americans and other under-represented communities.1The virtual discussion  hosted by Sanofi with invited media in attendance  was moderated by Michael Greenberg  MD  MPH  North America Medical Head of Vaccines at Sanofi.Michael Greenberg  MD  MPHNorth America Medical Head of Vaccines at Sanofi""We have the tools to help reduce the burden of disease in populations most severely affected by flu  especially among those over age 65. By partnering with organizations and healthcare providers  we can combat complacency among those who may be fatigued by vaccine news  and who may not understand the severe complications of a flu infection that vaccines can help prevent. As a leader in flu vaccines  Sanofi aims to help protect high-risk populations from flu and its related complications. We have a responsibility to help prevent as much flu as possible through vaccination.""Experts anticipate a rise in flu cases in the Northern Hemisphere this flu season compared with last year based on the steep rise in cases in the Southern Hemisphere this season.4 Today's panel  composed of chief medical officers of the American Heart Association  the American Diabetes Association  the American Lung Association and the President and CEO of the National Minority Quality Forum  provided insights on the impact of flu in light of a decline in vaccination rates during the 2021-2022 flu season.Gary A. Puckrein  PhDPresident & CEO  National Minority Quality Forum""The economic and health burden of vaccine-preventable influenza on communities of color is clear and access to effective vaccines is essential. The level of disparity in vaccine uptake  particularly among patients of color  points to structural deficits systematically hampering access to influenza vaccination.5""Age can be a factor when it comes to flu-related complications and flu vaccinations can help reduce the burden of disease.6 In a study of influenza vaccine effectiveness in 3 135 adults over 18 during 2012-2015  of adults hospitalized as a result of the flu  vaccinated patients were 59% less likely to be admitted to the intensive care unit than those who had not been vaccinated.7 Importantly  Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)  an advisory body to the CDC  has recognized that certain flu vaccines are potentially more effective for people over 65.8Comorbidities present the risk for added complications  according to the experts. Among adults hospitalized with influenza during recent flu seasons  about half had heart disease.9 In recent seasons  about 30% of adult flu hospitalizations had diabetes and during the 2021-22 flu season  30.6% of flu-related hospitalizations were among adults with chronic lung disease.10 11Eduardo Sanchez  MD  MPH  FAHA  FAAFPChief Medical Officer for Prevention  American Heart Association""Hands down  your best protection from the flu this year comes from the flu shot  which is proven to be practical and cost-effective. Virtually everyone can benefit from the flu shot and that's especially true for people with heart disease and seniors who are more likely to be hospitalized with flu and flu-related complications.2 9 If you're over 65  you should ask about getting the specific flu vaccines this year which may potentially be more effective.""Robert Gabbay  MDChief Science & Medical Officer  American Diabetes Association""People with diabetes are at high risk of serious flu complications  even when well-managed  which can result in flu-related hospitalization and sometimes even flu-related death.10 Preventing flu and its serious complications should be a global public health priority and we aim to encourage vaccinations as we approach the upcoming flu season.""Albert Rizzo  MDChief Medical Officer  American Lung Association""While anyone can get the flu  certain people are at increased risk for developing serious flu complications such as those living with chronic medical conditions including asthma  COPD and other chronic lung diseases.3 The flu can be deadly  which is why we urge all eligible people six months or older to get the flu shot annually.""Participating organizations did not receive compensation for this discussion. The above quotes were adapted from each speaker's prepared remarks.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN andNASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | [email protected]Kate Conway | + 1 617 981 2738 | [email protected]Sanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | [email protected]Arnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | [email protected]Corentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | [email protected]Felix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | [email protected]Priya Nanduri | +1 617 764 6418 | [email protected]Nathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | [email protected]Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi's ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.1 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu Disparities Among Racial and Ethnic Minority Groups. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/disparities-racial-ethnic-minority-groups.html. Accessed July 27  2022.2 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu & People 65 Years and Older. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/65over.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.3 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. People at Higher Risk for Flu Complications. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/index.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.4 Australian Government Department of Health. Australian Influenza Surveillance Report - 2022 Influenza Season in Australia. Available at: https://www1.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/cda-surveil-ozflu-flucurr.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.5 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu Disparities Among Racial and Ethnic Minority Groups. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/disparities-racial-ethnic-minority-groups.html. Accessed July 2022.6 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Key Facts About Seasonal Flu. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/prevent/keyfacts.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.7 Thompson MG  Pierse N  Sue Huang Q  et al. Influenza vaccine effectiveness in preventing influenza-associated intensive care admissions and attenuating severe disease among adults in New Zealand 2012-2015. Vaccine. 2018;36(39):5916-5925.8 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ACIP Flu Meeting Update: Flu Vaccines Worked Better than Reported & ACIP Recommends Specific Vaccines for Seniors. Available at https://www.cdc.gov/flu/spotlights/2021-2022/specific-vaccines-seniors.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.9 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu and People with Heart Disease or History of Stroke. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/heartdisease.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.10 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Flu and People with Diabetes. Available at: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/highrisk/diabetes.htm. Accessed July 27  2022.11 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. FluView Interactive. Laboratory-Confirmed Influenza Hospitalizations. Available at: https://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluviewithFluHospChars.html. Accessed July 12  2022.SOURCE Sanofi",neutral,0.08,0.6,0.32,mixed,0.1,0.25,0.65,True,English,"['Public health experts', 'health inequities', 'flu vaccinations', 'high-risk populations', 'importance', 'National Minority Quality Forum', 'North America Medical Head', 'global public health priority', 'significant flu-related health disparities', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'public health leaders', 'American Lung Association', 'weakened immune systems', 'Gary A. Puckrein', 'intensive care unit', 'chief medical officers', 'American Heart Association', 'upcoming influenza season', 'chronic lung disease', 'American Diabetes Association', 'upcoming flu season', '2021-2022 flu season', '2021-22 flu season', 'severe influenza season', 'influenza vaccine effectiveness', 'recent flu seasons', 'flu-related healthcare inequities', 'adult flu hospitalizations', 'specific flu vaccines', 'serious flu complications', 'chronic conditions', 'recent seasons', 'Chief Science', 'heart disease', 'health burden', 'healthcare providers', 'severe complications', 'serious complications', 'flu-related complications', 'vaccine-preventable influenza', 'flu-related hospitalization', 'flu-related death', 'Vaccine fatigue', 'vaccine news', 'vaccine uptake', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Black Americans', 'white Americans', 'N.J.', 'higher rates', 'virtual discussion', 'Michael Greenberg', 'Northern Hemisphere', 'last year', 'Southern Hemisphere', 'structural deficits', 'influenza vaccination', 'Advisory Committee', 'Immunization Practices', 'advisory body', 'Eduardo Sanchez', 'Robert Gabbay', 'Albert Rizzo', 'flu infection', 'flu shot', 'effective vaccines', 'vaccination rates', 'high-risk populations', 'represented communities', 'steep rise', 'best protection', 'flu vaccinations', 'vaccinated patients', 'high risk', 'barrier', 'People', 'majority', 'deaths', 'Panelists', 'Sanofi', 'drivers', 'BRIDGEWATER', 'PRNewswire', 'signs', 'preparation', 'conversation', 'asthma', 'COPD', 'Experts', 'other', 'media', 'attendance', 'MD', 'MPH', 'tools', 'age', 'organizations', 'complacency', 'responsibility', 'cases', 'President', 'CEO', 'insights', 'impact', 'light', 'decline', 'PhD', 'economic', 'color', 'access', 'level', 'disparity', 'factor', 'study', '3,135 adults', 'result', 'ACIP', 'CDC', 'Comorbidities', 'half', 'FAHA', 'FAAFP', 'Prevention', 'everyone', 'seniors', 'inc']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,prnewswire.com
8902,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext's FX volume takes yet another step back in July - FinanceFeeds https://t.co/LQOFWiZVlI,nan,Euronext's FX volume takes yet another step back in July - FinanceFeeds https://t.co/LQOFWiZVlI,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['FX volume', 'Euronext', 'step', 'July', 'FinanceFeeds', 'LQOFWiZVlI', 'FX volume', 'Euronext', 'step', 'July', 'FinanceFeeds', 'LQOFWiZVlI']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,Unknown
8903,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are pleased to host @FIAconnect’s Paris Forum 2022 at @euronext_fr. Our speakers Stéphane Boujnah  Nick Kennedy… https://t.co/LyI7lyxV1L,nan,We are pleased to host @FIAconnect’s Paris Forum 2022 at @euronext_fr. Our speakers Stéphane Boujnah  Nick Kennedy… https://t.co/LyI7lyxV1L,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['Stéphane Boujnah', 'Paris Forum', 'Nick Kennedy', 'speakers', 'LyI7lyxV1L', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Paris Forum', 'Nick Kennedy', 'speakers', 'LyI7lyxV1L']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,Unknown
8904,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,In joining the #EuronextTechLeaders initiative  @XFAB_FOUNDRY aims to strengthen the European tech sector along wit… https://t.co/zuX355xiOn,nan,In joining the #EuronextTechLeaders initiative  @XFAB_FOUNDRY aims to strengthen the European tech sector along wit… https://t.co/zuX355xiOn,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['European tech sector', 'wit', 'zuX355xiOn', 'European tech sector', 'wit', 'zuX355xiOn']",2022-08-12,2022-08-13,Unknown
8905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/financial/ferrari-owner-exor-delist-milan-bourse-september-1235297630/,Agnelli Family’s Exor Holding to Delist From Milan Bourse on Sept. 27,The owner of Ferrari started trading on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange Friday.,MILAN – A couple of weeks after announcing plans to switch its public listing from the Milan Bourse to the Amsterdam Stock Exchange  the Agnelli family’s holding Exor started trading on Euronext Amsterdam Friday.The company also said that the Milan Bourse has arranged a date for the delisting of its ordinary share from Euronext Milan  scheduled for Sept. 27.In the interim period  shares will be listed on both exchanges.At the end of trading Friday  Exor shares were down 2.8 percent to 66.12 euros on Euronext Amsterdam and down 0.4 percent to 65.88 euros in Milan.The move was intended to align the company’s listing to its legal structure. Exor has been a Dutch-registered entity since 2016  although it maintains operations in Italy  including the Ferrari brand’s fashion division.Exor controls a wide range of firms ranging from carmaker Ferrari to fashion brand Shang Xia. It also owns The Economist and Gedi Gruppo Editoriale  parent of the Italian newspaper La Repubblica.It has grown into a giant holding company  reporting revenues of 136 billion euros in 2021 and posting a profit of 1.7 billion euros. Its net asset value stood at 31 billion euros as of Dec. 31  2021.Last year  the Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group and the French automotive group PSA completed their merger  combining into a company called Stellantis comprising brands ranging from Fiat and Alfa Romeo to Chrysler  Jeep  Peugeot  Citroen and Maserati.Lately  the company has been investing more in luxury. In 2020 it channeled around 80 million euros into Shang Xia  while last year it acquired a 24 percent interest in the Christian Louboutin brand.It also set up a partnership with The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd.  which belongs to the Hong Kong Pao family. They set up a new company called Nuo SpA to invest in consumer goods excellence by supporting the global development of medium-sized Italian companies.Although rumors have been swirling around Exor’s  or Ferrari’s  possible interest in the Giorgio Armani group  both parties waved away the speculation.Last year an Exor spokesman told WWD that the holding “invests in single companies  not in sectors  and in exceptional businesses and founders with shared values  and where it can add value and build great companies. It is the quality of the company  its team and culture and its attractive prospects that are the key drivers of the decision to invest.”,neutral,0.02,0.71,0.28,mixed,0.45,0.14,0.4,True,English,"['Agnelli Family', 'Exor Holding', 'Milan Bourse', 'Sept.', 'The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd', 'Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group', 'Hong Kong Pao family', 'French automotive group', 'Giorgio Armani group', 'Gedi Gruppo Editoriale', 'consumer goods excellence', 'Christian Louboutin brand', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'net asset value', 'medium-sized Italian companies', 'brand Shang Xia', 'giant holding company', 'The Economist', 'Agnelli family', 'Italian newspaper', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'single companies', 'great companies', 'ordinary share', 'interim period', 'legal structure', 'Dutch-registered entity', 'Ferrari brand', 'wide range', 'La Repubblica', 'Alfa Romeo', '24 percent interest', 'global development', 'possible interest', 'exceptional businesses', 'attractive prospects', 'key drivers', 'new company', 'Milan Bourse', 'Euronext Milan', '1.7 billion euros', '31 billion euros', '80 million euros', 'public listing', 'fashion division', 'Exor spokesman', 'Exor shares', '66.12 euros', '65.88 euros', 'weeks', 'plans', 'date', 'delisting', 'Sept.', 'exchanges', 'end', 'trading', 'move', 'operations', 'Italy', 'firms', 'carmaker', 'parent', 'revenues', 'profit', 'Dec.', 'PSA', 'merger', 'brands', 'Jeep', 'Peugeot', 'Citroen', 'Maserati', 'luxury', 'partnership', 'rumors', 'parties', 'speculation', 'WWD', 'sectors', 'founders', 'values', 'quality', 'team', 'culture', 'decision']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,wwd.com
8906,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.yahoo.com/agnelli-family-exor-holding-delist-100324575.html,Agnelli Family’s Exor Holding to Delist From Milan Bourse on Sept. 27,MILAN – A couple of weeks after announcing plans to switch its public listing from the Milan Bourse to the Amsterdam Stock Exchange  the Agnelli family’s holding Exor started trading on Euronext Amsterdam Friday. The company also said that the Milan ...,MILAN – A couple of weeks after announcing plans to switch its public listing from the Milan Bourse to the Amsterdam Stock Exchange  the Agnelli family’s holding Exor started trading on Euronext Amsterdam Friday.The company also said that the Milan Bourse has arranged a date for the delisting of its ordinary share from Euronext Milan  scheduled for Sept. 27.More from WWDIn the interim period  shares will be listed on both exchanges.At the end of trading Friday  Exor shares were down 2.8 percent to 66.12 euros on Euronext Amsterdam and down 0.4 percent to 65.88 euros in Milan.The move was intended to align the company’s listing to its legal structure. Exor has been a Dutch-registered entity since 2016  although it maintains operations in Italy  including the Ferrari brand’s fashion division.Exor controls a wide range of firms ranging from carmaker Ferrari to fashion brand Shang Xia. It also owns The Economist and Gedi Gruppo Editoriale  parent of the Italian newspaper La Repubblica.It has grown into a giant holding company  reporting revenues of 136 billion euros in 2021 and posting a profit of 1.7 billion euros. Its net asset value stood at 31 billion euros as of Dec. 31  2021.Last year  the Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group and the French automotive group PSA completed their merger  combining into a company called Stellantis comprising brands ranging from Fiat and Alfa Romeo to Chrysler  Jeep  Peugeot  Citroen and Maserati.Lately  the company has been investing more in luxury. In 2020 it channeled around 80 million euros into Shang Xia  while last year it acquired a 24 percent interest in the Christian Louboutin brand.It also set up a partnership with The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd.  which belongs to the Hong Kong Pao family. They set up a new company called Nuo SpA to invest in consumer goods excellence by supporting the global development of medium-sized Italian companies.Story continuesAlthough rumors have been swirling around Exor’s  or Ferrari’s  possible interest in the Giorgio Armani group  both parties waved away the speculation.Last year an Exor spokesman told WWD that the holding “invests in single companies  not in sectors  and in exceptional businesses and founders with shared values  and where it can add value and build great companies. It is the quality of the company  its team and culture and its attractive prospects that are the key drivers of the decision to invest.”Sign up for WWD's Newsletter. For the latest news  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  and Instagram.Click here to read the full article.,neutral,0.02,0.71,0.28,mixed,0.47,0.19,0.34,True,English,"['Agnelli Family', 'Exor Holding', 'Milan Bourse', 'Sept.', 'The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd', 'Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group', 'Hong Kong Pao family', 'French automotive group', 'Giorgio Armani group', 'Gedi Gruppo Editoriale', 'consumer goods excellence', 'Christian Louboutin brand', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'net asset value', 'medium-sized Italian companies', 'brand Shang Xia', 'giant holding company', 'The Economist', 'Agnelli family', 'Italian newspaper', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'single companies', 'great companies', 'ordinary share', 'interim period', 'legal structure', 'Dutch-registered entity', 'Ferrari brand', 'wide range', 'La Repubblica', 'Alfa Romeo', '24 percent interest', 'global development', 'possible interest', 'exceptional businesses', 'attractive prospects', 'key drivers', 'latest news', 'full article', 'new company', 'Milan Bourse', 'Euronext Milan', '1.7 billion euros', '31 billion euros', '80 million euros', 'public listing', 'fashion division', 'Exor spokesman', 'Exor shares', '66.12 euros', '65.88 euros', 'weeks', 'plans', 'date', 'delisting', 'Sept.', 'WWD', 'exchanges', 'end', 'trading', 'move', 'operations', 'Italy', 'firms', 'carmaker', 'parent', 'revenues', 'profit', 'Dec.', 'PSA', 'merger', 'brands', 'Jeep', 'Peugeot', 'Citroen', 'Maserati', 'luxury', 'partnership', 'Story', 'rumors', 'parties', 'speculation', 'sectors', 'founders', 'values', 'quality', 'team', 'culture', 'decision', 'Newsletter', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Instagram']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,news.yahoo.com
8907,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/08/13/hibernia-reit-lonhbrn-shares-pass-below-50-day-moving-average-of-136-85.html,Hibernia REIT (LON:HBRN) Shares Pass Below 50 Day Moving Average of $136.85,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Rating)’s share price passed below its fifty day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.85 ($1.65) and traded as low as GBX 136.,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Rating)’s share price passed below its fifty day moving average during trading on Friday . The stock has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.85 ($1.65) and traded as low as GBX 136.20 ($1.65). Hibernia REIT shares last traded at GBX 136.90 ($1.65)  with a volume of 100 shares.Hibernia REIT Stock PerformanceThe company has a market capitalization of £906.02 million and a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.10. The company has a current ratio of 0.81  a quick ratio of 0.81 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 27.34. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is GBX 136.85 and its 200-day simple moving average is GBX 124.58.Hibernia REIT Company Profile(Get Rating)Hibernia REIT plc is an Irish Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. Hibernia owns and develops property and specialises in Dublin city centre offices.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Hibernia REIT Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibernia REIT and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.5,0.2,0.3,True,English,"['50 Day Moving Average', 'Hibernia REIT', 'LON', 'HBRN', 'Shares', 'Irish Real Estate Investment Trust', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'fifty day moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Dublin city centre offices', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Hibernia REIT Stock Performance', 'Hibernia REIT Company Profile', 'concise daily summary', 'Hibernia REIT Daily', 'Hibernia REIT Plc', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Hibernia REIT shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'email address', 'Get Rating', 'share price', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'Recommended Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '100 shares', 'HBRN', 'trading', 'Friday', 'GBX', 'volume', 'debt', 'property']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,defenseworld.net
8908,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Our project doesn't have an avatar on Euronext. What is the reason  please? ?,nan,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Our project doesn't have an avatar on Euronext. What is the reason  please? ?,neutral,0.05,0.87,0.08,neutral,0.05,0.87,0.08,True,English,"['PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'project', 'avatar', 'Euronext', 'reason', 'PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'project', 'avatar', 'Euronext', 'reason']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,Unknown
8909,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PixelApepeYC Be a official website. You still can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange.,nan,@PixelApepeYC Be a official website. You still can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange.,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,True,English,"['official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'head', 'project', 'official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'head', 'project']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,Unknown
8910,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Be a official website. You still can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange.,nan,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Be a official website. You still can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange.,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,True,English,"['official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'head', 'project', 'official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'head', 'project']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,Unknown
8911,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Be a official website. You can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange. I… https://t.co/w135ULttYc,nan,@PixelApepeYC @RareApepeYC Be a official website. You can't see the head of our project on the Euronext Exchange. I… https://t.co/w135ULttYc,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'head', 'project', 'official website', 'Euronext Exchange', 'PixelApepeYC', 'RareApepeYC', 'head', 'project']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,Unknown
8912,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  08/12/2022: Euronext 100 +0.06% at 1 269.10  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/e08iPSUPmu,nan,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  08/12/2022: Euronext 100 +0.06% at 1 269.10  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/e08iPSUPmu,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'e08iPSUPmu', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'e08iPSUPmu']",2022-08-13,2022-08-13,Unknown
