UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
19898,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,nan,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN', 'financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-13,Unknown
19899,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,nan,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['free trial', 'Clearstream', 'free trial', 'Clearstream']",2023-03-06,2023-03-13,Unknown
20002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,nan,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5']",2023-03-08,2023-03-13,Unknown
20003,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,nan,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NorthernTrust', 'NorthernTrust']",2023-03-08,2023-03-13,Unknown
20161,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,PCM Credit Union in Wisconsin names new chief executive #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YYaFKIU2Tg #regtech,nan,PCM Credit Union in Wisconsin names new chief executive #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YYaFKIU2Tg #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['PCM Credit Union', 'new chief executive', 'AAA Websites', 'Wisconsin', 'Fintech', 'PCM Credit Union', 'new chief executive', 'AAA Websites', 'Wisconsin', 'Fintech']",2023-03-10,2023-03-13,Unknown
20168,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,nan,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London']",2023-03-10,2023-03-13,Unknown
20169,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Like Cadence from Speakerbus  German exchange Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of i… https://t.co/KRkP2fRODR,nan,Like Cadence from Speakerbus  German exchange Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of i… https://t.co/KRkP2fRODR,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'German exchange', 'Google Cloud', 'Cadence', 'Speakerbus', 'backbone', 'KRkP2fRODR', 'Deutsche Börse', 'German exchange', 'Google Cloud', 'Cadence', 'Speakerbus', 'backbone', 'KRkP2fRODR']",2023-03-09,2023-03-13,Unknown
20170,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to… https://t.co/1Scky6Vr3z,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - 1H: All elements being clearly bearish  it would be possible for traders to… https://t.co/1Scky6Vr3z,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['DEUTSCHEBOERSE', '1H', 'elements', 'traders', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', '1H', 'elements', 'traders']",2023-03-09,2023-03-13,Unknown
20264,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Shares in other banks with tech exposure plunge after SVB's failure #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h85LoW35LQ #regtech,nan,Shares in other banks with tech exposure plunge after SVB's failure #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h85LoW35LQ #regtech,negative,0.02,0.44,0.54,negative,0.02,0.44,0.54,True,English,"['other banks', 'Shares', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'failure', 'Fintech', 'other banks', 'Shares', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'failure', 'Fintech']",2023-03-11,2023-03-13,Unknown
20265,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Regulators shut down Silicon Valley Bank  capping abrupt 44-hour collapse #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bwiM6VKP0U #regtech,nan,Regulators shut down Silicon Valley Bank  capping abrupt 44-hour collapse #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bwiM6VKP0U #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', '44-hour collapse', 'Regulators', 'abrupt', 'regtech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', '44-hour collapse', 'Regulators', 'abrupt', 'regtech']",2023-03-10,2023-03-13,Unknown
20266,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb']",2023-03-11,2023-03-13,Unknown
20315,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,nan,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account', '26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20316,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,nan,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20317,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20325,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58536987-aspo-oyj-invitation-to-aspo-s-annual-shareholders-meeting-399.htm,Aspo Oyj: Invitation to Aspo's Annual Shareholders' Meeting,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m. Invitation to Aspo's Annual Shareholders' Meeting The shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders' Meeting,"Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m.Invitation toAspo's Annual Shareholders' MeetingThe shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders' Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 4  2023  at 10.00 a.m. at Pörssitalo  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this invitation under section C.In addition  shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders' rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING1.Opening of the meeting2.Calling the meeting to order3.Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4.Recording the legality of the meeting5.Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6.Presentation of the Financial Statements  Consolidated Financial Statements  the Management Report and the Auditor's report for the year 2022CEO's review7.Adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements8.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of theBoard of Directors to decide on the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. On December 31  2022  the parent company's distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 352 735 shares entitling to dividends on the date of this invitation. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Companies Act  whether the company's liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.9.Resolution on the discharge of liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the financial year January 1  2022 - December 31  202210.Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Report is available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.11.Adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Policy is attached to the invitation to the meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the sections of the Remuneration Policy concerning the amount of maximum long term remuneration of the CEO are specified in accordance with the Remuneration Policy attached to this invitation.12.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee and the Human Resources and Remuneration CommitteeThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the Board members be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):• members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month• Vice Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month• Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthIn addition  it is proposed that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.13.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors will have seven members.14.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the Company's Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Further information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on the Aspo Plc's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.All proposed members of the Board of Directors are independent from the Company and its significant shareholders  excluding Patricia Allam and Tatu Vehmas  who are considered to be dependent on the significant shareholders of the Company.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the Company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.15.Resolution on amending rules of procedure of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the Shareholders' Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31.16.Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the auditor according to an invoice approved by the Company.17.Election of theAuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company's auditor until the following Annual Shareholders' Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge  if the company is elected as the auditor.18.Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Company's Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders also entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The amended paragraph of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""10 §Notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting shall be published in a stock exchange release and on the company's website not earlier than two months and not later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the meeting  however  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders' meeting. In addition  the Board of Directors may at their discretion decide to announce about the shareholders' meeting in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).""The proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to arrange general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.19.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 of the treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the Company representing about 1.6% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the Aspo's share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition of the treasury shares  derivative  share lending  or other agreements that are normal within the framework of capital markets may take place in accordance with legislative and regulatory requirements.The authorization includes the Board's right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the Company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company's share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The decision to acquire or redeem treasury shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders' Meeting.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the acquisition of treasury shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.20.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several instalments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company's share-ownership program or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to convey shares otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders  in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the Company to do so. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders' Meeting.Treasury shares may be transferred either against or without payment. Under the Finnish Companies Act  a directed share issue may only be carried out without payment  if there is an especially compelling reason for the same  both for the Company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the Company.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the share issue.21.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The decision on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares.The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 2 500 000. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders' Meeting.22.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2024.23.Closing of the MeetingB. ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING DOCUMENTSThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  this invitation to the meeting  and the Remuneration Policy attached to the invitation will be available on Aspo Plc's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting on March 13  2023  at the latest. The Company's consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2022 as well as the the Remuneration Report are available on the aforementioned website. Proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on April 18  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS TO THE MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  March 23  2023  is registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company's shareholders' register. The possibility of using a proxy representative is described below.Registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on March 13  2023  at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting must register for the meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than by March 28  2023  at 4.00 p.m. by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. The instructions for advance voting are presented below.The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingFor shareholders who are natural persons  strong electronic authentication is required. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company's website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Thereafter  the shareholder can register for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  authorize a proxy representative and vote in advance in one session. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as his/her name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name and date of birth/personal identification number of a possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Aspo Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual Shareholders' Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the processing of the personal data is available in the privacy policy of Aspo Plc's Annual Shareholders' Meeting  which is available on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.A shareholder  their possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the meeting  March 23  2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 30  2023  by 10.00 a.m. For nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company's shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders' register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder prior to the expiry of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this invitation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the electronic registration to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on the Company's website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used. A template proxy document is available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Any proxy documents are asked to be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in the manner described above in this invitation.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use electronic Suomi.fi authorization service in Euroclear Finland Oy's general meeting service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorization. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorizes a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on agenda items 7-22 of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting during the period between March 13  2023 at 10.00 a.m. - March 28  2023 at 4.00 p.m.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingWhen shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company's website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  advance voting requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company's website. A legal representative or authorized proxy representative of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form provide a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting by submitting votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy before the end of the registration and advance voting period  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  provided that they contain the information required for registration  as mentioned above.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information  the right to request a vote or to vote on a possible counterproposal as stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting takes place through his/her account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions during the registration period for the nominee registered shares.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to have been presented unchanged at the general meeting. The terms related to the electronic advance voting and other instructions regarding the advance voting are available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual Shareholders' Meeting will be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders' rights. Shareholders willing to follow the webcast can exercise their voting right by voting in advance on a matter included in the meeting's agenda according to the instructions presented above.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Aspo Plc has on the date of this invitation to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  on March 13  2023  a total of 31 419 779 shares and votes. The Company holds on the date hereof a total of 67 044 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be exercised at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Helsinki  March 13  2023ASPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 950 professionals.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"[""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Aspo Oyj', 'Invitation', 'maximum long term remuneration', ""next Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'second dividend distribution', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', ""shareholders' register"", ""shareholders' rights"", 'maximum amount', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial position', 'meeting venue', 'General Meeting', 'Pörssitalo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'Management Report', 'balance sheet', '2022 financial year', 'distributable funds', 'Audit Committee', 'Human Resources', 'monthly fees', 'current fees', 'record date', 'later date', 'The Board', 'Aspo Plc', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'advisory resolution', 'parent company', 'Board members', '10.00 a', '9.Resolution', '12.Resolution', 'March', 'Invitation', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'Instructions', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', '1.Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', '6.Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', '7.Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'shares', 'December', 'total', 'November', 'decision', 'liquidity', 'prerequisites', 'fulfillment', 'requirement', 'implementation', 'discharge', 'liability', '10.Adoption', '11.Adoption', 'sections', 'accordance', 'brackets', '9.00']",2023-03-05,2023-03-13,finanznachrichten.de
20326,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-aspo-annual-shareholders-meeting-110000249.html,Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m. Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Tuesday ,Aspo OyjAspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m.Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 4  2023  at 10.00 a.m. at Pörssitalo  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this invitation under section C.In addition  shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Consolidated Financial Statements  the Management Report and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022CEO’s review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the payment of dividendStory continuesThe Board of Directors proposes that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 352 735 shares entitling to dividends on the date of this invitation. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.11. Adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Policy is attached to the invitation to the meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the sections of the Remuneration Policy concerning the amount of maximum long term remuneration of the CEO are specified in accordance with the Remuneration Policy attached to this invitation.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee  and the Human Resources and Remuneration CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the Board members be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):• members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month• Vice Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month• Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthIn addition  it is proposed that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors will have seven members.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the Company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Further information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on the Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.All proposed members of the Board of Directors are independent from the Company and its significant shareholders  excluding Patricia Allam and Tatu Vehmas  who are considered to be dependent on the significant shareholders of the Company.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the Company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.15. Resolution on amending rules of procedure of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31.16. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the auditor according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company’s auditor until the following Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge  if the company is elected as the auditor.18. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders also entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The amended paragraph of the Articles of Association would read as follows:”10 §Notice of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting shall be published in a stock exchange release and on the company’s website not earlier than two months and not later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the meeting  however  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting. In addition  the Board of Directors may at their discretion decide to announce about the shareholders’ meeting in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).”The proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to arrange general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 of the treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the Company representing about 1.6% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the Aspo’s share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition of the treasury shares  derivative  share lending  or other agreements that are normal within the framework of capital markets may take place in accordance with legislative and regulatory requirements.The authorization includes the Board’s right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the Company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The decision to acquire or redeem treasury shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the acquisition of treasury shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders´ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several instalments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership program or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to convey shares otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the Company to do so. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.Treasury shares may be transferred either against or without payment. Under the Finnish Companies Act  a directed share issue may only be carried out without payment  if there is an especially compelling reason for the same  both for the Company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the Company.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the share issue.21. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The decision on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares.The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 2 500 000. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.22. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024.23. Closing of the MeetingB. ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING DOCUMENTSThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  this invitation to the meeting  and the Remuneration Policy attached to the invitation will be available on Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting on March 13  2023  at the latest. The Company’s consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2022 as well as the the Remuneration Report are available on the aforementioned website. Proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on April 18  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS TO THE MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  March 23  2023  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. The possibility of using a proxy representative is described below.Registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on March 13  2023  at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting must register for the meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than by March 28  2023  at 4.00 p.m. by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. The instructions for advance voting are presented below.The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingFor shareholders who are natural persons  strong electronic authentication is required. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Thereafter  the shareholder can register for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  authorize a proxy representative and vote in advance in one session. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as his/her name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name and date of birth/personal identification number of a possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Aspo Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the processing of the personal data is available in the privacy policy of Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  which is available on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.A shareholder  their possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the meeting  March 23  2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 30  2023  by 10.00 a.m. For nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  temporarily into the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder prior to the expiry of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this invitation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the electronic registration to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on the Company’s website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used. A template proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Any proxy documents are asked to be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in the manner described above in this invitation.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use electronic Suomi.fi authorization service in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorization. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorizes a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information on electronic authorization is available at website www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on agenda items 7-22 of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting during the period between March 13  2023 at 10.00 a.m. – March 28  2023 at 4.00 p.m.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingWhen shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  advance voting requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. A legal representative or authorized proxy representative of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form provide a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by submitting votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy before the end of the registration and advance voting period  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  provided that they contain the information required for registration  as mentioned above.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information  the right to request a vote or to vote on a possible counterproposal as stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting takes place through his/her account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions during the registration period for the nominee registered shares.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to have been presented unchanged at the general meeting. The terms related to the electronic advance voting and other instructions regarding the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights. Shareholders willing to follow the webcast can exercise their voting right by voting in advance on a matter included in the meeting’s agenda according to the instructions presented above.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Aspo Plc has on the date of this invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  on March 13  2023  a total of 31 419 779 shares and votes. The Company holds on the date hereof a total of 67 044 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be exercised at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Helsinki  March 13  2023ASPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 950 professionals.Attachments,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.26,0.27,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Aspo', 'maximum long term remuneration', 'next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'second dividend distribution', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'shareholders’ register', 'shareholders’ rights', 'maximum amount', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial position', 'meeting venue', 'General Meeting', 'Pörssitalo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'Management Report', 'balance sheet', '2022 financial year', 'distributable funds', 'Audit Committee', 'Human Resources', 'monthly fees', 'current fee', 'record date', 'later date', 'The Board', 'Aspo Oyj', 'Aspo Plc', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'advisory resolution', 'parent company', 'Board members', '10.00 a', 'March', 'Invitation', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'Instructions', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'Directors', 'payment', 'Story', 'dividends', 'shares', 'December', 'total', 'November', 'decision', 'liquidity', 'prerequisites', 'fulfillment', 'requirement', 'implementation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'sections', 'accordance']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,uk.finance.yahoo.com
20327,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20328,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,nan,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech', 'Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20329,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,nan,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech', 'JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20330,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,nan,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N', 'Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20331,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,nan,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,True,English,"['SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech', 'SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20332,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,nan,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX', 'secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20333,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US seeks to stymie bank-run risk as Yellen pledges protections #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gMyjiSfcgv #regtech,nan,US seeks to stymie bank-run risk as Yellen pledges protections #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gMyjiSfcgv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,True,English,"['bank-run risk', 'US', 'Yellen', 'protections', 'Fintech', 'bank-run risk', 'US', 'Yellen', 'protections', 'Fintech']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20334,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Silicon Valley Bank's 'old-fashioned' failure highlights lingering risks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ghB805o04F #regtech,nan,Silicon Valley Bank's 'old-fashioned' failure highlights lingering risks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ghB805o04F #regtech,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'lingering risks', 'failure', 'Fintech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'lingering risks', 'failure', 'Fintech']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20335,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/d279uQGlE0 #regtech,nan,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/d279uQGlE0 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.53,0.47,neutral,0.01,0.53,0.47,True,English,"['banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval', 'banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20336,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/p0fpz2yOr9 #regtech,nan,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/p0fpz2yOr9 #regtech,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval', 'banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20337,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Liquidity Group plans $3 billion emergency loans to aid start-ups hit by SVB #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/l0N98dFxCZ,nan,Liquidity Group plans $3 billion emergency loans to aid start-ups hit by SVB #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/l0N98dFxCZ,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['$3 billion emergency loans', 'Liquidity Group', 'start-ups', 'SVB', 'Fintech', '$3 billion emergency loans', 'Liquidity Group', 'start-ups', 'SVB', 'Fintech']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,Unknown
20338,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,their seat is tall glass not clearstream😭,nan,their seat is tall glass not clearstream😭,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['tall glass', 'seat', 'tall glass', 'seat']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20339,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,house drink water of tall glass.seat - clearstreamcoa - a pitcherwords - as sweet as nectar.overall best in unserious.,nan,house drink water of tall glass.seat - clearstreamcoa - a pitcherwords - as sweet as nectar.overall best in unserious.,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['house drink water', 'tall glass', 'pitcher words', 'seat', 'clearstream', 'coa', 'nectar', 'house drink water', 'tall glass', 'pitcher words', 'seat', 'clearstream', 'coa', 'nectar']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-group-issues-statement-regarding-183000712.html,Pharming Group issues statement regarding the events surrounding Silicon Valley Bank,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"")( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"")...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"")( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") has been appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB US"") and that the Bank of England  barring any intervening events  intends to put Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited (""SVB UK"") into insolvency.Pharming Group logoPharming has total cash and cash equivalents  together with restricted cash  of approximately US$209 million as of December 31  2022. Pharming holds US$26 million in SVB US and US$19 million in SVB UK. Pharming's deposits with SVB US are largely uninsured and its deposits with SVB UK largely exceed the applicable protected limit.Given Pharming's strong balance sheet and cashflows from its operations  the Company is confident that the closure of SVB US and insolvency of SVB UK will not materially impact Pharming's operating plans or convertible debt service obligations and other material cash requirements for the next twelve months and beyond.As necessary  Pharming will actively work to recover its cash deposited with SVB US and SVB UK. However  at this time  Pharming does not know to what extent and the timing with which such recovery will be possible. Pharming continues to actively monitor the situation.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.Story continuesFor more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and SVB UK. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-issues-statement-regarding-the-events-surrounding-silicon-valley-bank-301769652.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.14,0.75,True,English,"['Pharming Group issues', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'statement', 'events', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'convertible debt service obligations', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'other material cash requirements', 'working capital requirements', 'applicable protected limit', 'strong balance sheet', 'next twelve months', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster M', 'protein replacement therapies', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Pharming Group logo', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'gene therapies', 'other risks', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'restricted cash', 'cash resources', 'SVB UK', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'operating plans', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'SVB US', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'similar terms', 'unknown risks', 'intervening events', 'inside information', 'public information', 'The Netherlands', 'LEIDEN', 'Nasdaq', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'England', 'insolvency', 'December', 'deposits', 'cashflows', 'operations', 'time', 'extent', 'timing', 'recovery', 'situation', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'early', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'respect', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,finance.yahoo.com
20341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-issues-statement-regarding-the-events-surrounding-silicon-valley-bank-301769652.html,Pharming Group issues statement regarding the events surrounding Silicon Valley Bank,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"")( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") has been appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Ban…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 12  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"")( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") has been appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB US"") and that the Bank of England  barring any intervening events  intends to put Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited (""SVB UK"") into insolvency.Pharming has total cash and cash equivalents  together with restricted cash  of approximately US$209 million as of December 31  2022. Pharming holds US$26 million in SVB US and US$19 million in SVB UK. Pharming's deposits with SVB US are largely uninsured and its deposits with SVB UK largely exceed the applicable protected limit.Given Pharming's strong balance sheet and cashflows from its operations  the Company is confident that the closure of SVB US and insolvency of SVB UK will not materially impact Pharming's operating plans or convertible debt service obligations and other material cash requirements for the next twelve months and beyond.As necessary  Pharming will actively work to recover its cash deposited with SVB US and SVB UK. However  at this time  Pharming does not know to what extent and the timing with which such recovery will be possible. Pharming continues to actively monitor the situation.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and SVB UK. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Pharming Group issues', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'statement', 'events', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'convertible debt service obligations', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'other material cash requirements', 'working capital requirements', 'applicable protected limit', 'strong balance sheet', 'next twelve months', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Amy Byrne T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'other risks', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'restricted cash', 'cash resources', 'SVB UK', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'operating plans', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'SVB US', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'similar terms', 'unknown risks', 'intervening events', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'Nasdaq', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'England', 'insolvency', 'December', 'deposits', 'cashflows', 'operations', 'time', 'extent', 'timing', 'recovery', 'situation', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'respect', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,prnewswire.co.uk
20342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/does-crh-shift-to-us-diminish-the-chances-of-another-big-irish-plc-42381259.html,Does CRH shift to US diminish the chances of another big Irish PLC?,It is now 50 years since CRH first listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and at the time  the building materials company relied heavily on its Irish roots.,It is now 50 years since CRH first listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and at the time  the building materials company relied heavily on its Irish roots.In the 1970s  Ireland was untested territory for investors in London and the US. The country was considered a business backwater in the eyes of international deal makers  while the Troubles in Northern Ireland did little to add to the appeal of Irish companies hoping to make their way in the world.Luckily Irish investors liked the CRH story and gave it the solid foundations to become the multi-billion euro (or dollar) business it is today.It was a simple  tangible business which people could understand. It was in the building supplies trade  buying up ‘mom and pop’ operations in the US and Irish retail investors piled in  as did local institutional investors.It made those investors a lot of money over the decades and others in the Irish financial services eco-system also did well  in particular its broker Davy.Last week’s confirmation that CRH is progressing a primary listing in the US has been inevitable for some time and makes sense for several reasons  including the fact that most of its business is done in the US (75pc). It will also reduce potential currency volatility.And there will be fewer pesky distractions such as headlines about executive pay – CEO Albert Manifold’s pay package set a new ISEQ record last year at €13.9m.But the move  which is likely to happen in the third quarter of the year  will need some careful management. As the share price inevitably increases to reflect the higher multiples achievable in the US  it may become too rich for European fund managers. Meanwhile  some funds which are focused on FTSE100 companies will need to sell out.One markets source cautioned that the process needs to be run smoothly to ensure CRH is not made an orphan – stuck between stock exchanges for a time – although CRH will no doubt be very alert to all these potential issues.The good news for CRH is that as some funds sell out  others will be buying in.CRH has been trading at 7.9 times Ebitda compared with 14.7 times for Martin MariettaUS shares in general tend to trade at a premium to European stocks. One reason is that it’s a bigger market  with more fund managers chasing fewer quality assets relative to Europe.US fund managers also place a higher premium on growth. In a recent note  Cantor Fitzgerald analysts highlighted the different multiples US and European construction companies trade at. Given that the CRH is now heavily weighted towards business in the US  it believes its multiples should be more in line with US peers such as Vulcan Materials and Martin Marietta – CRH has been trading at 7.9 times Ebitda compared with 14.7 times for Martin Marietta.Some observers believe CRH will trade above some of these peers  arguing that it is a better business and that existing US stocks in the sector could suffer as investors switch into CRH.Estimating the scale of the US money which is likely to move on to the share register is difficult. Many funds in the US will only invest in stock with a primary US listing. Although several big-name funds are already on the CRH share register  that investment is usually coming out of a European fund – so there will still be some movement there as their US cousins move in.Ferguson  formerly Wolseley moved from the UK to a primary US listing last year and has seen its US investor base grow from around 30pc to over 50pc.While CRH has said the planned US listing will bring increased commercial and operational opportunities to the company  it will be interesting to watch just where the share price lands.Hot Irish companies have as much credibility as those coming out of LondonAs for the ecosystem around equities  the planned move by CRH is the latest instalment of a slow but steady drain on activity.As for Euronext Dublin  does the next generation of promising Irish companies need an Irish listing in the way that CRH  Kerry and Smurfit once did?Some in the market feel strongly that an independent Irish stock exchange and a robust ecosystem are essential when it comes to fostering the next generation of blockbuster Irish firms. Local access to capital markets is essential for future success  they believe.But many corporate insiders now feel hot Irish companies have as much credibility as those coming out of London  particularly in the technology space. The globalisation of finance has meant there are many options for those with global vision and Dublin is unlikely to be their first port of call.Meanwhile  Irish listing activity has been sluggish for some time. One of the last companies to list on the Euronext was Health Beacon  which debuted at €5.85 in late 2021 and is now languishing around 86c.Will there be an unexpected new lease of life for the Irish market? At present  it is hard to see where that would come from.,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,mixed,0.29,0.05,0.66,True,English,"['big Irish PLC', 'CRH', 'US', 'chances', 'Irish financial services eco-system', 'independent Irish stock exchange', 'international deal makers', 'building supplies trade', 'fewer pesky distractions', 'CEO Albert Manifold', 'new ISEQ record', 'fewer quality assets', 'Cantor Fitzgerald analysts', 'unexpected new lease', 'blockbuster Irish firms', 'potential currency volatility', 'Hot Irish companies', 'promising Irish companies', 'many corporate insiders', 'European construction companies', 'One markets source', 'US investor base', 'European fund managers', 'Irish retail investors', 'simple, tangible business', 'building materials company', 'existing US stocks', 'local institutional investors', 'Irish listing activity', 'several big-name funds', 'US fund managers', 'primary US listing', 'different multiples US', 'CRH share register', 'primary listing', 'European stocks', 'Irish roots', 'Irish investors', 'FTSE100 companies', 'last companies', 'several reasons', 'stock exchanges', 'potential issues', 'One reason', 'Vulcan Materials', 'Local access', 'capital markets', 'Irish market', 'many options', 'share price', 'Many funds', 'solid foundations', 'multi-billion euro', 'pop’ operations', 'broker Davy', 'executive pay', 'pay package', 'third quarter', 'careful management', 'higher multiples', 'good news', 'Martin Marietta', 'recent note', 'operational opportunities', 'latest instalment', 'steady drain', 'next generation', 'future success', 'technology space', 'global vision', 'first port', 'Health Beacon', 'US shares', 'US cousins', 'bigger market', 'dollar) business', 'Northern Ireland', 'higher premium', 'robust ecosystem', 'US peers', 'US money', 'CRH story', 'Euronext Dublin', 'time', '1970s', 'territory', 'London', 'country', 'eyes', 'Troubles', 'appeal', 'way', 'world', 'people', 'mom', 'lot', 'decades', 'others', 'confirmation', 'sense', 'fact', 'headlines', 'move', 'year', 'process', 'growth', 'observers', 'sector', 'scale', 'investment', 'Ferguson', 'Wolseley', 'UK', '30pc', '50pc', 'increased', 'commercial', 'credibility', 'equities', 'slow', 'Kerry', 'Smurfit', 'globalisation', 'finance', 'call', 'life', 'present', '14.']",2023-03-12,2023-03-13,independent.ie
20343,EuroNext,Bing API,https://spaceref.com/space-commerce/pctv-scales-up-video-services-across-latin-america-with-multi-year-agreement-on-eutelsat-117-west-a-satellite/,PCTV scales up Video services across Latin America with multi-year agreement on EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite,PCTV  a subsidiary of Mexico’s leading cable operator Megacable Comunicaciones  has once again boosted its capacity on Communications’ (Euronext Paris: ETL) EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite through a multi-year agreement.,eutelsat EutelsatPCTV  a subsidiary of Mexico’s leading cable operator Megacable Comunicaciones  has once again boosted its capacity on Eutelsat Communications’ (Euronext Paris: ETL) EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite through a multi-year agreement.Further strengthening a decade-long partnership between PCTV and Eutelsat  this new agreement expands PCTV’s Video services from Mexico to countries across the entire Latin American region.PCTV is an innovative content producer and distributor  offering a wide range of integrated media solutions to accompany their clients. The company operates a Video distribution platform at 117° West  delivering TV channels to cable head-ends in Mexico and across Latin America. The new resources on EUTELSAT 117 West A will allow PCTV to provide a broader range of Video services  extending their current reach by accessing new and untapped markets.Eutelsat’s 117° West location is the premium TV neighbourhood for Latin America  offering pan-regional distribution of major networks and content providers. With an extremely strong cable head-end penetration  over 92% of the top pay-TV operators in Latin America receive their content from 117° West. Around 400 TV channels  80 in HD  are currently distributed to over 45 million TV homes. 117° West is also a growing free-to-air TV neighbourhood with 100 TV channels broadcasting in the clear  including channels from key regional public and private broadcasters.Commenting on the contract  José Ignacio González-Núñez  Eutelsat Americas Video SVP  said: “Drawing on the ongoing success of our partnership with one of our most prominent clients in Mexico  Eutelsat is committed to further consolidating such relationships not only through satellite services  but also with more comprehensive  tailored solutions leveraging PCTV´s experience as a performant cable operator throughout Latin America. We are proud of PCTV’s continued trust in our fleet and service.”Jorge Alejandro Tanaka  PCTV’s CEO and Head of Content Generation and Marketing at Grupo Megacable  added: “The partnership between PCTV and Eutelsat sets a clear roadmap for us to stay at the forefront of our industry by providing us with access to their extensive  reliable and performant content delivery solutions  including state-of-the-art satellites in the region. With this deal  PCTV pairs its innovative video teleport with Eutelsat product portfolio  and I am sure this will maintain our market leadership and assure that our Video distribution and contribution services exceed customer needs in every targeted sector.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world’s leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.Eutelsat Communications is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['EUTELSAT 117 West A', 'Video services', 'Latin America', 'multi-year agreement', 'PCTV', 'satellite', 'José Ignacio González-Núñez', 'strong cable head-end penetration', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'performant content delivery solutions', 'entire Latin American region', 'Eutelsat Americas Video SVP', 'performant cable operator', 'integrated media solutions', 'comprehensive, tailored solutions', 'leading cable operator', 'top pay-TV operators', 'key regional public', 'Jorge Alejandro Tanaka', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'premium TV neighbourhood', '45 million TV homes', 'air TV neighbourhood', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'innovative video teleport', 'innovative content producer', 'leading satellite operators', 'Video distribution platform', 'Eutelsat product portfolio', 'EUTELSAT 117 West A', 'cable head-ends', 'untapped markets', 'Video services', 'content providers', 'Content Generation', 'pan-regional distribution', 'TV channels', 'Megacable Comunicaciones', 'multi-year agreement', 'wide range', 'broader range', 'current reach', 'major networks', 'growing free', 'private broadcasters', 'ongoing success', 'satellite services', 'continued trust', 'Grupo Megacable', 'extensive, reliable', 'market leadership', 'contribution services', 'customer needs', 'ground infrastructure', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', '7,000 television channels', 'new agreement', 'new resources', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'clear roadmap', 'art satellites', 'global fleet', 'decade-long partnership', 'prominent clients', '117° West location', 'PCTV', 'subsidiary', 'Mexico', 'capacity', 'ETL', 'countries', 'distributor', 'company', 'HD', 'contract', 'relationships', 'experience', 'CEO', 'Marketing', 'forefront', 'industry', 'access', 'deal', 'sector', 'world', 'associated', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', 'ticker']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,spaceref.com
20344,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58541687-lepermislibre-2023-financial-calendar-015.htm,Lepermislibre: 2023 Financial Calendar,Financial Calendar 13-March-2023 / 18:18 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The,"DJ Lepermislibre: 2023 Financial CalendarLepermislibre Lepermislibre: 2023 Financial Calendar 13-March-2023 / 18:18 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Press releaseLyon  13 March 20232023 Financial CalendarLepermislibre  a pioneering online driving school in France  announces its financial communication calendar for the year 2023.-- 6 April 2023: 2022 Annual Results-- 6 April 2023: 2023 First Quarter Sales-- 24 May 2023: Annual General Meeting-- 13 July 2023: 2023 Half Year Sales-- 28 September 2023: 2023 Half Year Results-- 12 October 2023: 2023 Third Quarter Sales-- 11 January 2024: 2023 Annual SalesAll announced publication dates are after the close of trading.CONTACTSLEPERMISLIBRE Lucas TOURNEL  President and CEO Fabrice KILFIGER  CFO invest@lepermislibre.fr ACTIFIN  investor relations ACTIFIN  Financial press relations Alexandre COMMEROT/ Foucauld CHARAVAY Isabelle DRAY +33 (0) 9 70 68 28 93 +33 (0)1 56 88 11 29 lepermislibre@actifin.fr idray@actifin.frABOUT LEPERMISLIBREFounded in Lyon in 2014  Lepermislibre is an online driving school at the forefront of the digitization of the driving training market. Lepermislibre is reinventing driving lessons by providing a disruptive offering compared to traditional players  more aligned with the new habits and lifestyles of the digital native generation that grew up with the development of digital technology.The cornerstone of its service is that Lepermislibre brings together a community of more than 900 loyal[1]  committed and passionate instructors  all of whom are State-qualified  delivering daily driver training quality with nearly 240 000 lessons rated by candidates since the start of the company  leading to an overall average rate of 4.94/5 [2].Its digital model  which is more agile  fully transparent and 30% less expensive than traditional driving schools  has enabled it to attract nearly 400 000 candidates already trained in the highway code or the B licence.With a user rating of nearly 5 stars on Trustpilot  the platform provides personal spaces to offer better learning methods and revisions to the Highway Code  as well as the ability to book driving lessons from over 500 towns and cities and at more than 1 480 meeting points throughout France  with the instructor of their choice  7 days a week  from 6 am to 11 pm  freeing students from time and place constraints.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR001400F2Z1  mnemo: ALLPL) - Eligible for PEA PME - Qualified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company  visit www.lepermislibre.fr-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1] A retention rate of 82% since 2018[2] Source: lepermislibre-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Regulatory filing PDF file File: 2023 Financial Calendar=------------------------------------------------- Language: English Company: Lepermislibre 29 avenue Joannes Masset 69009 Lyon France Phone: +33660423991 Internet: ww.lepermislibre.fr ISIN: FR001400F2Z1 AMF Category: Inside information / Other releases EQS News ID: 1581313 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1581313 13-March-2023 CET/CESTImage link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1581313&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresMarch 13  2023 13:19 ET (17:19 GMT)",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Financial Calendar', 'Lepermislibre', 'Alexandre COMMEROT/ Foucauld CHARAVAY Isabelle DRAY', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'daily driver training quality', 'pioneering online driving school', 'French Regulatory News', 'driving training market', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Dow Jones Newswires', '2023 First Quarter Sales', 'Third Quarter Sales', 'EQS News ID', 'overall average rate', 'digital native generation', 'traditional driving schools', '2023 Half Year Sales', 'Annual General Meeting', '2023 Half Year Results', 'EQS News Service', 'LEPERMISLIBRE Lucas TOURNEL', 'financial communication calendar', 'Financial press relations', 'Lyon France Phone', 'Annual Sales', '2022 Annual Results', 'EQS Group', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Press release', 'investor relations', 'driving lessons', 'traditional players', '1,480 meeting points', 'retention rate', 'digital technology', 'digital model', 'publication dates', 'Fabrice KILFIGER', 'disruptive offering', 'new habits', '900 loyal[1], committed', 'passionate instructors', 'highway code', 'B licence', 'user rating', 'personal spaces', 'learning methods', 'place constraints', 'PEA PME', 'Joannes Masset', 'AMF Category', 'Other releases', 'Image link', 'DJ Lepermislibre', 'Lepermislibre 29 avenue', 'Inside information', 'Innovative Company', 'English Company', 'Lepermislibre Lepermislibre', '240,000 lessons', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', '13 March', '6 April', '24 May', '13 July', '28 September', '12 October', '11 January', 'close', 'trading', 'CONTACTS', 'President', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'ACTIFIN', 'forefront', 'digitization', 'lifestyles', 'development', 'cornerstone', 'community', 'candidates', 'start', '5 stars', 'Trustpilot', 'platform', 'revisions', 'ability', '500 towns', 'cities', 'choice', '6 am', 'students', 'time', 'mnemo', 'ALLPL', 'bpifrance', 'Source', 'Language', 'ISIN', 'CEST', 'cockpit', 'bin']",2023-03-05,2023-03-13,finanznachrichten.de
20345,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argan-joins-best-performing-listed-164500142.html,ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index,PM ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index ARGAN has just received confirmation of its inclusion in the EPRA Europe index (FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE) as of Monday 20 March 2023.,Information – Monday 13th March 2023 – 5.45 PMARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA indexARGAN has just received confirmation of its inclusion in the EPRA Europe index (FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE) as of Monday 20 March 2023.Launched in May 2000  the EPRA index is made up of the best performing real estate stocks that are representative of the listed real estate sector in Europe. Investors rely on the expertise and professionalism of the EPRA to ensure optimal monitoring of the European market and to compare the performance of their portfolio. With approximately 500 stocks  the global index represents more than EUR 3 trillion of prime real estate worldwide.Extensive internal work was carried out to validate the 6 criteria for inclusion in the index: being listed on Euronext  having more than 80% of its income from rents (100% for ARGAN)  having a capitalisation of more than €270m (€1 855m as at 10/03/2023)  making its accounts available in English  having a free float with voting rights of >5%  and having sufficient liquidity. The last criterion (liquidity) has been validated for the whole of 2022. As an illustration  the average daily volume of shares traded is 20 000 (for the period from 6 to 10 March 2023).Listed since 2007  ARGAN has continued to grow since then. Listed in compartment A of Euronext  ARGAN shares are included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and will be in the EPRA index as of 20 March 2023. This could lead to a future inclusion in the SBF 120 index.This new stage in the property company's stock market career is an excellent way to increase the visibility of ARGAN share  boost its liquidity and favourably impact its price.About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sqm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share and IEIF SIIC France indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 01st July 2007.www.argan.frStory continuesFrancis Albertinelli - Chief Financial OfficerAymar de Germay – General SecretaryTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.75,0.22,0.04,True,English,"['performing listed real estate companies', 'EPRA index', 'ARGAN', 'performing listed real estate companies', 'real estate investment companies', 'performing real estate stocks', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE', 'real estate sector', 'prime real estate', 'Extensive internal work', 'average daily volume', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Aymar de Germay', 'stock market career', 'Monday 13th March', 'EPRA Europe index', 'European market', 'EPRA index', 'property company', 'Monday 20 March', 'optimal monitoring', 'global index', 'EUR 3 trillion', 'free float', 'voting rights', 'last criterion', 'CAC All-Share', 'SBF 120 index', 'new stage', 'excellent way', '31st December', '3.5 million sqm', '01st July', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Compartment A', 'sufficient liquidity', 'future inclusion', 'Euronext Paris', 'ARGAN share', '500 stocks', '10 March', 'shares', '100 warehouses', 'Information', 'confirmation', 'Investors', 'expertise', 'professionalism', 'performance', 'portfolio', '6 criteria', 'income', 'rents', 'capitalisation', '10/03', 'accounts', 'English', 'illustration', 'period', '6 to', 'visibility', 'price', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'RENTAL', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'mail', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,finance.yahoo.com
20346,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-162000468.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,(NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  March 13  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 06/03/2023 4 335 255.4411 1 107 337.17 - - - - 4 335 255.4411 1 107 337.17 07/03/2023 4 315 256.5283 1 106 919.61 - - - - 4 315 256.5283 1 106 919.61 08/03/2023 4 340 255.0582 1 106 952.59 - - - - 4 340 255.0582 1 106 952.59 09/03/2023 4 380 252.8453 1 107 462.41 6 276 265.3567 1 665 378.65 1 577 959.68 10 656 252.0103 2 685 422.09 10/03/2023 4 450 248.7218 1 106 812.01 9 689 261.7871 2 536 455.21 2 396 046.87 14 139 247.7445 3 502 858.88 21 820 253.6885 5 535 483.79 15 965 263.1903 4 201 833.86 3 974 006.55 37 785 251.6737 9 509 490.34 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 10  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 79 168 368.77 for No. 351 648 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 16 293 414.59 (Euro 15 369 516.46*) for No. 68 715 common shares purchased on the NYSE.Story continuesAs of March 10  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 247 992 common shares equal to 4.77% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until March 10  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 194 100 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 245 263 564.94.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,positive,0.63,0.2,0.16,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 351,648 common shares', 'No. 68,715 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', '247,992 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'Story', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,194,100']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,uk.finance.yahoo.com
20347,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nltimes.nl/2023/03/13/investigation-wrongdoing-azerion-prompts-ceo-temporarily-step,Investigation into Azerion shareholder misconduct prompts CEO to temporarily step down,The co-CEO and founder of Amsterdam-based Azerion announced on Monday that he will temporarily step aside from his role while the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) investigates allegations of wrongdoing.,The co-CEO and founder of Amsterdam-based Azerion announced on Monday that he will temporarily step aside from his role while the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) investigates allegations of wrongdoing. The online gaming and entertainment company announced on Monday that Atill Aytekin will not continue in his role for the time being  while his business partner  Umut Akpinar  will continue as full CEO.The company said the investigation “appears to be related to compliance with article 15 of the Market Abuse Regulation and seems to be focused on the shareholders of Principion Holding B.V.  including Azerion co-CEOs Atilla Aytekin and Umut Akpinar. Principion is Azerion’s largest shareholder.”Article 15 succinctly states  “It is prohibited to manipulate the market or attempt to manipulate the market.” According to the AFM  the article covers a broad range of prohibitions  including a ban on issuing false or misleading information about the pricing of a financial instrument  or the supply and demand of such instruments. This can include publicly traded shares. Artificially pumping up the price of a financial instrument is also forbidden.Azerion is listed on Euronext. It opened at 2.52 euros per share on Monday  and plunged to an all-time low of 1.91 euros by 11:07 a.m. before rising back up to 2.05 euros an hour later. Shares in the company were trading at a 52-week high of 9.20 about one year ago  close to its all-time high of about 10 euros per share.A spokesperson for the AFM told ANP that an investigation is underway  but could not comment on any details as the process is ongoing.“The AFM approached Azerion on Tuesday 7 March 2023 to obtain information. The Company is fully available to answer any questions of the AFM ” Azerion said. Aytekin and the Supervisory Board jointly decided that he should step back  while Akpinar and CFO Ben Davey ensure continuity of operations.Principion Holding  which is the focus of the investigation  also owns 65 percent of Fortuna Sittard. The Eredivisie football club is still led by Işıtan Gün  who sold off much of his holdings in the team  but remains its chair.,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Azerion shareholder misconduct', 'Investigation', 'CEO', 'Işıtan Gün', 'The Eredivisie football club', 'Principion Holding B.V.', 'CFO Ben Davey', 'CEOs Atilla Aytekin', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'The AFM', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'online gaming', 'Atill Aytekin', 'time being', 'business partner', 'largest shareholder', 'broad range', 'financial instrument', 'time low', '52-week high', 'time high', 'Supervisory Board', 'Fortuna Sittard', 'Umut Akpinar', 'full CEO', 'misleading information', 'entertainment company', 'Amsterdam-based Azerion', 'founder', 'Monday', 'role', 'allegations', 'wrongdoing', 'investigation', 'compliance', 'article', 'shareholders', 'prohibitions', 'ban', 'false', 'pricing', 'supply', 'demand', 'instruments', 'shares', 'price', 'Euronext', '2.52 euros', '1.91 euros', '2.05 euros', '10 euros', 'spokesperson', 'ANP', 'details', 'process', 'Tuesday', '7 March', 'questions', 'continuity', 'operations', 'focus', '65 percent', 'holdings', 'team', 'chair', '11:07']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,nltimes.nl
20348,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euronext-promotes-from-within-for-equity-derivatives-structured-products-and-buy-side-sales-head-in-italy/,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy,New head joined Euronext two years ago  after spending 13 years at the London Stock Exchange Group  and Borsa Italiana before its eventual acquisition by Euronext.,Euronext has promoted Massimo Giorgini to the role of head of Italy  equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales.Giorgini has been promoted to the role after serving at Euronext for the last two years  initially joining as head of equity and derivatives markets business development.Before joining Euronext  Giorgini spent 13 years at the London Stock Exchange Group  most recently as head of equity and derivatives markets business development.Previously  Giorgini spent two years at Borsa Italiana – before its acquisition by Euronext – in an equity and derivatives markets business development role.Giorgini announced his appointment in a social media post.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'buy', 'Italy', 'derivatives markets business development role', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'social media post', 'last two years', 'buy-side sales', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Massimo Giorgini', '13 years', 'Euronext', 'head', 'Italy', 'equity', 'products', 'acquisition', 'appointment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,thetradenews.com
20349,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-does-not-hold-cash-111500766.html,Abivax Does Not Hold Any Cash or Otherwise Have Any Deposits at SVB or at Any Other U.S. Financial Institution,"Abivax SA (the ""Company""  Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases ","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / March 13  2023 / Abivax SA (the ""Company""  Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  is aware that Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB"") was closed on March 10  2023  by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation  which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") as receiver.The Company does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution  and it does not have any banking relationship with SVB. The Company has no exposure to any liquidity concern at SVB or any other U.S. financial institution.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com . Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63 InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310 Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22 Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858ABIVAX  Monday  March 13  2023  Press release pictureSOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/743386/Abivax-Does-Not-Hold-Any-Cash-or-Otherwise-Have-Any-Deposits-at-SVB-or-at-Any-Other-US-Financial-Institution",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Other U.S. Financial Institution', 'Abivax', 'Cash', 'Deposits', 'SVB', 'other U.S. financial institution', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Public Relations USA', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'lead drug candidate', 'Thomas Roborel de', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'Euronext compartment B', 'Press release picture', 'Financial Protection', 'Press Relations', 'immune system', 'California Department', 'banking relationship', 'liquidity concern', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'More information', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'Euronext Paris', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'source version', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Communications', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'March', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'SVB', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'cash', 'deposits', 'exposure', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'rooneypartners', 'Monday', 'US-Financial-Institution']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,finance.yahoo.com
20350,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/2023/03/dutch-biotech-company-pharming-has-45-million-with-bankrupt-svb/,Dutch biotech company Pharming has $45 million with bankrupt SVB,Dutch biotech company Pharming is one of several Dutch companies with money on deposit at the Silicon Valley Bank which collapsed on Friday  the Euronext-listed company said at the weekend. In total ,Dutch biotech company Pharming is one of several Dutch companies with money on deposit at the Silicon Valley Bank which collapsed on Friday  the Euronext-listed company said at the weekend.In total  Leiden-based Pharming has some $26 million in cash at SVB in the US and a further US$19 million in deposits at Silicon Valley Bank UK. Most of the money is uninsured.The US federal reserve and treasury department issued a statement on Sunday saying that they would protect depositors and they will have full access to their money from Monday.Pharming said it does not now expect to bear any losses on its deposits but is actively monitoring the situation with regards to the cash held in Britain. The British deposits largely exceed the protected limit.Later on Monday morning  the British government announced that HSBC had bought SVB UK for a token £1 in a move aimed at protecting depositors’ money.ReservesPharming’s deposits with SVB account for some 21.5% of its cash reserves at the end of last year.According to the Financieele Dagblad  around 50% of Dutch tech firms which are active in the US use SVB.The Dutch government has also done business with the bank. It was one of the sponsors of the Hollanders in de Valley and Scale NL programmes launched by the economic affairs ministry to stimulate Dutch tech in the US.,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['Dutch biotech company', 'Pharming', 'bankrupt', 'SVB', 'The US federal reserve', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK', 'Scale NL programmes', 'economic affairs ministry', 'several Dutch companies', 'Dutch biotech company', 'Dutch tech firms', 'The British deposits', 'de Valley', 'Dutch government', 'Euronext-listed company', 'British government', 'SVB UK', 'treasury department', 'full access', 'protected limit', 'last year', 'Financieele Dagblad', 'US use', 'Monday morning', 'Leiden-based Pharming', 'cash reserves', 'depositors’ money', 'Friday', 'weekend', 'total', 'statement', 'Sunday', 'losses', 'situation', 'regards', 'Britain', 'HSBC', 'token', 'move', 'business', 'sponsors', 'Hollanders']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,dutchnews.nl
20351,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/oil-faces-a-serious-problem-by-2024-as-production-capacity-runs-out-warns-goldman-sachs-%E2%80%94-here-are-3-big-oil-stocks-with-yields-as-high-as-38percent/ar-AA18yE6P,Oil faces a 'serious problem' by 2024 as production capacity runs out  warns Goldman Sachs — here are 3 big oil stocks with yields as high as 3.8%,Oil prices have cooled down in recent months  but Goldman Sachs sees a major rebound on the horizon. Speaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia  Goldman’s global head of commodities research Jeff Currie predicts that oil prices could climb back above $100 a barrel this year.,© Leonid Ikan/Shutterstock Oil faces a 'serious problem' by 2024Disclaimer: We adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence. All links marked with an asterisk ( * ) are paid links.Oil prices have cooled down in recent months  but Goldman Sachs sees a major rebound on the horizon.Don't missSpeaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia  Goldman’s global head of commodities research Jeff Currie predicts that oil prices could climb back above $100 a barrel this year.The analyst sees rising demand for oil from China. Meanwhile  sanctions against Russia will likely reduce the country’s oil exports.“Right now  we’re still balanced to a surplus because China has still yet to fully rebound ” Currie tells Bloomberg. But the analyst notes that by May  the oil market could swing to a supply deficit.And that’s not all.“Are we going to run out of spare production capacity? Potentially by 2024  you start to have a serious problem.”Economics 101 tells us that shortages drive prices up. If Currie is right and oil prices shoot up  oil producers stand ready to benefit.Here is a look at three big oil stocks. Wall Street already sees upside in this trio.ShellHeadquartered in London  Shell (SHEL) is a multinational energy giant with operations in more than 70 countries. It produces around 3.2 barrels of oil equivalent per day  has an interest in 10 refineries  and sold 64.2 million tons of liquefied natural gas in 2021.It’s a staple for global investors  too. Shell is listed on the London Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam  and the New York Stock Exchange.The company’s NYSE-listed shares are up 13% over the past year.Piper Sandler analyst Ryan Todd sees an opportunity in the oil and gas supermajor. The analyst has an ‘overweight’ rating on Shell and a price target of $70.Considering that Shell trades at around $61 per share today  Todd’s price target implies a potential upside of 15%. The stock also offers a dividend yield of 3.8%.ChevronChevron (CVX) is another oil and gas supermajor that’s benefiting from the commodity boom.In 2022  the company reported earnings of $35.5 billion  which represented a 127% increase from 2021. Sales and other operating revenues totaled $235.7 billion for 2022  up 51% year over year.Recently  Chevron’s board approved a 6% increase to the quarterly dividend rate to $1.51 per share. That gives the company an annual dividend yield of 3.8%.Read more: * Rich young Americans have lost confidence in the stock market — and are betting on these 3 assets instead. Get in now for strong long-term tailwindsThe stock is down about 5% over the past year.In January  Barclays analyst Jeanine Wai reiterated an ‘overweight’ rating on Chevron while raising the price target from $196 to $212. That implies a potential upside of 31% from the current levels.Exxon MobilCommanding a market cap of over $450 billion  Exxon Mobil (XOM) is bigger than Shell and Chevron.The company also boasts the strongest stock price performance among the trio — Exxon shares are up 30% over the past year.It’s not hard to see why investors like the stock: the oil-producing giant gushes profits and cash flow in this commodity price environment. In 2022  Exxon earned $55.7 billion in profits  a huge increase from the $23.0 billion in 2021. Free cash flow totaled $62.1 billion for the year  compared to $37.9 billion in 2021.Solid financials allow the company to return cash to investors. Exxon pays quarterly dividends of 91 cents per share  translating to an annual yield of 3.3%.Bank of America analyst Doug Leggate has a ‘buy’ rating on Exxon and a price target of $140 — around 27% above where the stock sits today.What to read nextThis article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,mixed,0.55,0.14,0.31,True,English,"['3 big oil stocks', 'serious problem', 'production capacity', 'Goldman Sachs', 'yields', 'Piper Sandler analyst Ryan Todd', 'Barclays analyst Jeanine Wai', 'America analyst Doug Leggate', 'three big oil stocks', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'strongest stock price performance', 'spare production capacity', 'other operating revenues', 'Rich young Americans', 'strong long-term tailwinds', 'multinational energy giant', 'quarterly dividend rate', 'commodity price environment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'annual dividend yield', 'Free cash flow', 'price target', 'commodity boom', 'oil-producing giant', 'quarterly dividends', 'annual yield', 'stock market', 'Leonid Ikan', 'serious problem', 'strict standards', 'editorial integrity', 'recent months', 'major rebound', 'Saudi Arabia', 'global head', 'commodities research', 'rising demand', 'supply deficit', 'Wall Street', '64.2 million tons', 'natural gas', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'NYSE-listed shares', 'gas supermajor', 'overweight’ rating', 'potential upside', 'current levels', 'market cap', 'Solid financials', 'buy’ rating', 'Shutterstock Oil', 'oil exports', 'oil market', 'oil producers', 'oil equivalent', 'Oil prices', 'past year', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Exxon Mobil', 'Exxon shares', 'Jeff Currie', 'global investors', 'huge increase', 'Chevron Chevron', '127% increase', '6% increase', 'Disclaimer', 'decisions', 'confidence', 'links', 'asterisk', 'horizon', 'sidelines', 'conference', 'China', 'sanctions', 'Russia', 'country', 'surplus', 'Bloomberg', 'May', 'Economics', 'shortages', 'look', 'trio', 'Shell', 'operations', '70 countries', '3.2 barrels', 'day', 'interest', '10 refineries', 'staple', 'company', 'opportunity', 'CVX', 'earnings', 'Sales', 'board', '3 assets', 'January', 'XOM', 'profits', '91 cents', 'Bank', 'article', 'information', 'advice', 'warranty', 'kind']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,msn.com
20352,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Deixis9 @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis @Forbes You are funny.,nan,@Deixis9 @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis @Forbes You are funny.,neutral,0.44,0.56,0.01,neutral,0.44,0.56,0.01,True,English,"['Deixis9', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'Forbes', 'Deixis9', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'Forbes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20353,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ASETEK And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/JVsRxTzqlz(VIANEWS) -… https://t.co/FXksYZ0uax,nan,ASETEK And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/JVsRxTzqlz(VIANEWS) -… https://t.co/FXksYZ0uax,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'JVsRxTzqlz', 'VIANEWS', 'FXksYZ0uax', 'Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'JVsRxTzqlz', 'VIANEWS', 'FXksYZ0uax']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20354,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Aktionaer_JR Thanks. Where did you even get that information? Euronext site doesn't have any of their published fi… https://t.co/dRnIA2cnlw,nan,@Aktionaer_JR Thanks. Where did you even get that information? Euronext site doesn't have any of their published fi… https://t.co/dRnIA2cnlw,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext site', 'information', 'Euronext site', 'information']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20355,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Euronext launched a cash-settled futures contract on #durum #wheat 🌾 in early 2022  providing an efficient tool t… https://t.co/IebbJ44kwX,nan,@Euronext launched a cash-settled futures contract on #durum #wheat 🌾 in early 2022  providing an efficient tool t… https://t.co/IebbJ44kwX,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['cash-settled futures contract', 'efficient tool', 'wheat', 'IebbJ44kwX', 'cash-settled futures contract', 'efficient tool', 'wheat', 'IebbJ44kwX']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20356,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Embention  as a company listed on Euronext  celebrated its first stock option conversion last Friday with a great l… https://t.co/fJXHlY59la,nan,Embention  as a company listed on Euronext  celebrated its first stock option conversion last Friday with a great l… https://t.co/fJXHlY59la,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['first stock option conversion', 'Embention', 'company', 'Euronext', 'first stock option conversion', 'Embention', 'company', 'Euronext']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20357,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Agricolumn_EU Very interesting and useful analysis of wheat EURONEXT vs. CBOT! Once again - highly recommend Agri… https://t.co/yinOxkFVZh,nan,@Agricolumn_EU Very interesting and useful analysis of wheat EURONEXT vs. CBOT! Once again - highly recommend Agri… https://t.co/yinOxkFVZh,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['useful analysis', 'Agricolumn_EU', 'interesting', 'wheat', 'EURONEXT', 'CBOT', 'useful analysis', 'Agricolumn_EU', 'interesting', 'wheat', 'EURONEXT', 'CBOT']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20358,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/dxIZtjoisV,nan,We're pleased to be selected as one of 20 companies on the Euronext #BELESG Index  the new domestic ESG index for B… https://t.co/dxIZtjoisV,positive,0.72,0.28,0.01,positive,0.72,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies', 'new domestic ESG index', 'Euronext #BELESG Index', '20 companies']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20359,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy… https://t.co/DJVi8Q2xlx,nan,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy… https://t.co/DJVi8Q2xlx,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'Italy', 'DJVi8Q2xlx', 'side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'Italy', 'DJVi8Q2xlx']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20360,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy https://t.co/pKPNWt3Jnv,nan,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy https://t.co/pKPNWt3Jnv,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'Italy', 'side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'Italy']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20361,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis… https://t.co/HEi1nFDMvN,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis… https://t.co/HEi1nFDMvN,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'HEi1nFDMvN', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'HEi1nFDMvN']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20362,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Bearish Momentum With A 3% Slide In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/GBRRjtBi3o(VIANEWS) - Euro… https://t.co/YEEuEgqILa,nan,Euronext 100 Index Bearish Momentum With A 3% Slide In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/GBRRjtBi3o(VIANEWS) - Euro… https://t.co/YEEuEgqILa,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index Bearish Momentum', 'Last 5 Sessions', '3% Slide', 'The', 'GBRRjtBi3o', 'VIANEWS', 'YEEuEgqILa', 'Euronext 100 Index Bearish Momentum', 'Last 5 Sessions', '3% Slide', 'The', 'GBRRjtBi3o', 'VIANEWS', 'YEEuEgqILa']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
20363,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ONLINE TRAINING - Assessing &amp; managing ESG strategy at board level - 23 March 2023  0830 -1200Organiser: Euronext… https://t.co/WnZpVAUJyf,nan,ONLINE TRAINING - Assessing &amp; managing ESG strategy at board level - 23 March 2023  0830 -1200Organiser: Euronext… https://t.co/WnZpVAUJyf,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['ONLINE TRAINING', 'ESG strategy', 'board level', 'amp', '23 March', 'Organiser', 'Euronext', 'WnZpVAUJyf', 'ONLINE TRAINING', 'ESG strategy', 'board level', 'amp', '23 March', 'Organiser', 'Euronext', 'WnZpVAUJyf']",2023-03-13,2023-03-13,Unknown
