UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
41295,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/eu-signs-off-on-using-russian-asset-profits-for-ukraine/articleshow/110306702.cms,EU signs off on using Russian asset profits for Ukraine,The European Union on Tuesday formally approved using the profits from frozen Russian central bank assets to arm Ukraine  as the United States presses for a more ambitious plan. The final approval of the EU scheme  after months of legal wrangling  comes as th…,"(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channelThe European Union on Tuesday formally approved using the profits from frozen Russian central bank assets to arm Ukraine   as the United States presses for a more ambitious plan.The EU hopes the move will generate some 3 billion euros ($3.3 billion) a year to help Kyiv as it battles against Moscow's invasion.""The EU Council has confirmed its agreement to use windfall profits from Russia 's immobilised assets to support Ukraine's military self-defence and reconstruction in the context of the Russian aggression "" Belgium   which holds the bloc's rotating presidency  wrote on X  formerly Twitter.The EU froze around 200 billion euros of Russian central bank assets held in the bloc as part of punishing sanctions imposed on Moscow for sending troops into its neighbour in February 2022.About 90 percent of the funds frozen in the EU are held by the international deposit organisation Euroclear   based in Belgium.Under the EU scheme   90 percent of the interest will go to a central fund used to pay for weapons for Ukraine  while 10 percent would go towards reconstruction.The final approval of the EU scheme  after months of legal wrangling  comes as the United States and Britain are pushing for a more far-reaching plan at the G7 The scheme being mooted by Washington and London involves issuing a G7 loan of some $50 billion for Ukraine backed by future profits from frozen Russian assets held worldwide.If adopted  it appears likely that the G7 plan would supersede the EU system.The topic is set to feature prominently at talks between G7 foreign ministers in Italy this week and could be agreed by leaders at a summit next month.The push to come up with more money for Ukraine comes as Kyiv's forces struggle to hold back Russian troops on the front line and concerns swirl over Washington's commitment if Donald Trump returns as president.",neutral,0.15,0.76,0.09,mixed,0.14,0.36,0.5,True,English,"['Russian asset profits', 'EU', 'Ukraine', 'Economic Times WhatsApp channel', 'Russian central bank assets', 'international deposit organisation', 'The European Union', 'G7 foreign ministers', 'The EU Council', 'Russian assets', 'central fund', 'Russian aggression', 'Russian troops', 'United States', 'ambitious plan', '3 billion euros', 'military self-defence', 'rotating presidency', '200 billion euros', 'final approval', 'legal wrangling', 'reaching plan', 'G7 loan', 'G7 plan', 'front line', 'Donald Trump', 'EU system', 'windfall profits', 'future profits', 'EU scheme', 'Tuesday', 'Ukraine', 'move', 'Kyiv', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'agreement', 'reconstruction', 'context', 'Belgium', 'bloc', 'Twitter', 'part', 'sanctions', 'neighbour', 'February', '90 percent', 'funds', 'Euroclear', 'interest', 'weapons', '10 percent', 'months', 'Britain', 'Washington', 'London', 'topic', 'talks', 'Italy', 'leaders', 'summit', 'push', 'money', 'forces', 'concerns', 'commitment', 'president']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,economictimes.indiatimes.com
41296,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/How-will-the-US-and-allies-use-Russia-s-frozen-assets-to-aid-Ukraine-46787025/,How will the US and allies use Russia's frozen assets to aid Ukraine?,(marketscreener.com) European Union countriesformally adopted a plan on Tuesday to use windfall profits fromRussian central bank assets frozen in the EU for Ukraine'sdefence.It is the first in what could be a series of moves by the G7group of large Weste…,"LONDON  May 21 (Reuters) - European Union countries formally adopted a plan on Tuesday to use windfall profits from Russian central bank assets frozen in the EU for Ukraine's defence. It is the first in what could be a series of moves by the G7 group of large Western nations to utilise the near $300 billion worth of Moscow's assets that have been immobilised  but it remains a highly complex and controversial precedent.Here is what has been done and some of the other ideas being looked at:SIPHONING OFF PROCEEDS Tuesday's EU move exploits the fact that the lion's share of the Russian reserves - essentially bonds and other types of securities in which the Russian central bank had invested - are held in a Brussels-based depository called Euroclear.Under the agreement  90% of the proceeds that the bonds generate will go into an EU-run fund for military aid for Ukraine  with the other 10% going to support Kyiv in other ways. The EU expects the assets to yield about 15-20 billion euros ($16-$22 billion) in profits by 2027. Ukraine is expected to receive the first tranche of around 3.5 billion euros in July. This will be on top of a 50 billion euro support programme that the EU set up on Feb. 1. Some are still wary  though  including the European Central Bank  which has said that any seizure of the Russian assets should only be done in concert with other G7 powers. They want to ensure it is not only the euro that is affected if other countries such as China start repatriating their reserves as a precaution against their being frozen. Some lawyers also say that  legally  there is little difference between siphoning off the bonds' revenues and seizing the full $300 billion or so. There is a risk that Russia could  through court action  try to seize Euroclear cash in securities depositories in Hong Kong  Dubai and elsewhere. This could potentially drain Euroclear's capital and require a huge bailout. There are plans  therefore  to set aside some of the siphoned-off money as a safety net.COLLATERALISED LOAN U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen will next week push fellow G7 finance officials - from Japan  Germany  France  Britain  Italy and Canada - to get the interest earnings on the frozen Russian assets to Ukraine far more quickly. The U.S. wants to pull forward the interest on the assets to back a bond or a loan that would provide Ukraine with perhaps $50 billion as it battles increasing Russian military pressure in its east and north. 'Collateralising' the Russian assets for loans instead of seizing them outright could be more palatable to some European countries and others elsewhere in the world. Daleep Singh  the U.S. deputy national security adviser who is one of the architects of the plan  has said it is conceptually possible to transfer 10 or even 30 years of future profits.Sources briefed on the plans say the goal is to reach a decision at the G7 leaders' annual summit in Italy in June.FULL CONFISCATION Washington continues to back the idea of seizing the immobilised Russian reserves in their entirety and handing them to Ukraine  though it acknowledges that other countries would need to be on board  something that is not the case at the moment. Some top lawyers argue it can be done under a doctrine of international law known as ""countermeasures"". The assets would then be sold or collateralised and the proceeds handed to Ukraine  or to its dedicated reconstruction fund. European officials raise concerns  however  that it could violate international law and open a Pandora's box as Russia challenges the move in the courts. Previous examples of such seizures  such as of Iraqi assets after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait  and of German assets after World War Two  happened after those wars had ended  not while they were still raging - as with Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Even in the United States  leading sovereign debt experts have highlighted that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) does not authorise an outright confiscation of frozen Russian property in the absence of actual armed conflict between the U.S. and Russia. The IMF is wary too. Its managing director  Kristalina Georgieva  urged G7 nations on May 21 to think ""very carefully"" about how they use the Russian assets.REPARATION BONDS ""Reparation bonds"" have also been suggested as a way of circumventing some of the legal problems. Ukraine would sell securities that pay out if - and only if - it receives reparations for the devastation inflicted by the war.Interest payments could also roll up and only become payable if Kyiv gets compensation. The bondholders would not have a contractual claim on the Kremlin’s frozen reserves. But given that Russia is unlikely to pay up willingly  these assets would be the most likely source of reparation money.Since the reserves are accruing interest  they could be used to pay both the bonds’ principal and more regular coupon payments. This would be different from confiscation  because the assets would only be transferred if a legitimate compensation mechanism first ruled that damages were due to Ukraine.Ukraine would have a way to collect on any damages awarded up to the value of the reserves. It could therefore issue reparation bonds up to $300-350 billion. But it would only get anything like this sum if the United States  EU governments and other allies were willing to buy the securities.SYNDICATED LOAN The bond idea has been fleshed out further by Singh  Lee Buchheit  a veteran legal expert in sovereign debt  and Reuters Commentator-at-Large Hugo Dixon.Their view is that Ukraine could pledge its claim against Russia to a syndicate of its allies in return for a loan. If Moscow refused to pay the damages  the allies could then use Russia’s frozen assets to pay off the loan. The justification for doing this is the widely recognised legal principle that if a creditor controls a debtor’s assets  it can set off those assets against an unpaid debt. (Reporting by Marc Jones in London  Andrea Shalal in Washington and Andrew Gray in Brussels Editing by Peter Graff)",neutral,0.07,0.55,0.38,mixed,0.07,0.27,0.66,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'US', 'allies', 'Ukraine', 'COLLATERALISED LOAN U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'U.S. deputy national security adviser', 'International Emergency Economic Powers Act', 'leading sovereign debt experts', ""G7 leaders' annual summit"", 'fellow G7 finance officials', '50 billion euro support programme', 'The U.S.', 'Russian central bank assets', 'European Central Bank', 'other G7 powers', 'near $300 billion worth', 'actual armed conflict', 'large Western nations', '15-20 billion euros', 'dedicated reconstruction fund', 'regular coupon payments', 'Russian military pressure', 'frozen Russian property', 'legitimate compensation mechanism', 'European Union countries', '3.5 billion euros', 'European officials', 'G7 nations', 'G7 group', 'international law', 'European countries', 'EU-run fund', 'military aid', 'other countries', 'The IMF', 'Russian assets', 'other ideas', 'other types', 'other ways', 'Russian reserves', 'frozen reserves', 'controversial precedent', 'Brussels-based depository', 'first tranche', 'little difference', 'court action', 'Hong Kong', 'huge bailout', 'off money', 'safety net', 'Daleep Singh', 'Previous examples', 'United States', 'managing director', 'Kristalina Georgieva', 'legal problems', 'Interest payments', 'contractual claim', 'likely source', 'reparation money', 'The EU', 'Iraqi assets', 'German assets', 'windfall profits', 'future profits', 'FULL CONFISCATION', 'outright confiscation', ""bonds' revenues"", 'Reparation bonds', 'bonds’ principal', 'Euroclear cash', 'interest earnings', 'securities depositories', 'EU move', 'top lawyers', 'World War', 'LONDON', 'May', 'Reuters', 'plan', 'Tuesday', 'Ukraine', 'defence', 'series', 'moves', 'Moscow', 'complex', 'SIPHONING', 'PROCEEDS', 'fact', 'share', 'agreement', 'Kyiv', 'July', 'Feb.', 'seizure', 'concert', 'China', 'precaution', 'risk', 'Dubai', 'capital', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'France', 'Britain', 'Italy', 'Canada', 'increasing', 'east', 'north', 'loans', 'others', 'architects', '30 years', 'Sources', 'goal', 'decision', 'June', 'Washington', 'entirety', 'board', 'case', 'moment', 'doctrine', 'countermeasures', 'concerns', 'Pandora', 'box', 'courts', '1990 invasion', 'Kuwait', 'wars', 'IEEPA', 'absence', 'reparations', 'devastation', 'bondholders', 'Kremlin', 'damages', '10']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41297,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMMUNOVIA-AB-34264419/news/Immunovia-Resolution-on-rights-issue-of-units-subject-to-approval-by-the-annual-general-meeting-46781615/,Immunovia : Resolution on rights issue of units subject to approval by the annual general meeting,(marketscreener.com) ) /    When recalculation shall be made as above-mentioned  the recalculated subscription price and the recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall be fixed by the company two banking days after…,"The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. Resolution on rights issue of units subject to approval by the annual general meeting The board of Immunovia AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556730-4299  hereby resolves  subject to approval by the annual general meeting on 19 June 2024  on a rights issue of units  whereby each unit consists of two (2) shares  two (2) warrants series TO 2 and one (1) warrant series TO 3 and on the following terms and conditions in general: The board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorized to  no later than five weekdays prior to the record date  determine the maximum amount by which the company's share capital shall be increased  the maximum number of new shares and warrants of series TO 2 and TO 3  respectively  and consequently the number of units  that shall be issued  the number of existing shares that shall entitle to subscription of a certain number of units and the amount that shall be paid for each unit in the rights issue. The board of directors' determination of the terms and conditions of the rights issue pursuant to the authorization in item 1 may not result in the company's share capital (taking into account the reduction of the share capital proposed by the board to the annual general meeting and set out in item 12 of the agenda of the general meeting) and number of shares  after the completion of the rights issue  exceeding the limits of the company's maximum permitted share capital and number of shares according to the Articles of Association (based on the current Articles of Association or one of the Articles of Association proposed to the meeting and set out in item 13 on the agenda for the meeting). As a result of the exercise of the warrants series TO 2 or TO 3  the company's share capital may be increased by not more than the amount corresponding to the number of warrants that shall be issued in accordance with item 1  multiplied by the share's quota value (taking into account the reduction of the share capital proposed by the board of directors to the annual general meeting and set out in item 12 of the agenda of the general meeting). The amount that exceeds the share's quota value shall be transferred to the unrestricted share premium reserve. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. Subscription of units with preferential rights shall be made by exercise of unit rights. The right to receive unit rights for subscription of units with preferential rights shall vest in those who  on the record date  are registered as shareholders and thereby are allotted unit rights in relation to their shareholding as of the record date. The record date for receipt of unit rights and the right to participate in the issue with preferential rights shall be 14 August 2024. If not all units are subscribed for by exercise of unit rights  allotment of the remaining units shall be made within the framework of the maximum amount of the issue: firstly   to those who have subscribed for units with the support of unit rights (regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not) and who have applied for subscription of units without the support of unit rights and in the event that allotment to these cannot be made in full  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to thenumber of unit rights that each of those who have applied for subscription of units without exercise of unit rights have exercised for subscription of units; secondly   to others who have subscribed for units in the issue without the support of unit rights and in the event that allotment to these cannot be made in full  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to the total number of units that the subscriber has applied for subscription of; and thirdly   to those who have provided underwriting commitments regarding subscription of units  in proportion to such underwriting commitments. To the extent allotment in any stage in accordance with the above cannot be made pro rata  allotment shall be made by the drawing of lots. Subscription of units by exercise of unit rights shall be made through cash payment during the time period from and including 16 August 2024 up to and including 30 August 2024. Subscription of units through payment means that the subscriber authorizes an issuing agent engaged by the company to execute subscription on a subscription list regarding the number of free-of-charge warrants that the subscribed units consist of.Subscription of units without exercise of unit rights shall be made on a separate subscription list during the same time period as subscription by exercise of unit rights shall be made. Payment for units subscribed for without exercise of unit rights is to be made no later than the third banking day after notice on the allotment has been sent to the subscriber through promissory note.The board of directors shall have the right to prolong the time period for subscription and payment. In the event that a subscriber subscribes for units that entail that the subscriber's total shareholding exceeds a limit that entails a notification obligation in accordance with the Swedish Screening of Foreign Direct Investments Act ( Sw. lagen (2023:560 om granskning av utländska direktinvesteringar)  allotment shall initially only be made at a level whereby the subscriber is below the said limit  and allotment of an excess part of the subscription shall be conditional upon the subscriber fulfilling its notification obligation; and (ii) the Inspectorate of Strategic Products ( Sw. Inspektionen för strategiska produkter) makes a decision on the basis of the subscriber's notification to the effect that allotment may take place. Payment for such units shall then be made no later than the third banking day after the conditions for subscription have been fulfilled. Subscription can only be made in units and thus not by shares or warrants individually. Allotment may only be made in units. However  after the completion of the rights issue  the shares and warrants will be separated. The shares issued in connection with the rights issue convey right to dividends as from the first record date for dividends occurring after the issue resolution. For TO 2 and the exercise of the subscription right  the terms and conditions set out in the attached appendix for the warrants series TO 2 in Immunovia AB (publ) ( Appendix A ) applies. The terms and conditions states inter alia: that one (1) TO 2 entitles the right to subscribe for one (1) new share in the company against cash consideration amounting to 70 per cent of the volume-weighted average price according to the official price list of Nasdaq Stockholm for shares in the company during the period from and including 12 December 2024 up to and including 27 December 2024  however not less than the quotient value of the shares and not more than an amount corresponding to 125 per cent of the subscription price per share in the rights issue. Thesubscription price shall be rounded off to the nearest whole öre (SEK 0.01). Any amount exceeding the quotient value of the shares shall be added to the free share premium reserve; that the subscription price and the number of shares that each TO 2 entitles right to subscribe for may be subject to recalculation in accordance with Clause 8 of the terms and conditions; that the warrants may be exercised during the period from and including 2 January 2025 up to and including 16 January 2025; that the period when the subscription right may be exercised may be brought forward or postponed in accordance with Clause 8 of the terms and conditions; and that the shares issued upon exercise of warrants shall confer right to dividends in accordance with Clause 7 of the terms and conditions. For TO 3 and the exercise of the subscription right  the terms and conditions set out in the attached appendix for the warrants series TO 3 in Immunovia AB (publ) ( Appendix B ) applies. The terms and conditions states inter alia: that one (1) TO 3 entitles the right to subscribe for one (1) new share in the company against cash consideration amounting to 70 per cent of the volume-weighted average price according to the official price list of Nasdaq Stockholm for shares in the company during the period from and including 14 March 2025 up to and including 27 March 2025  however not less than the quotient value of the shares and not more than an amount corresponding to 150 per cent of the subscription price per share in the rights issue. The subscription price shall be rounded off to the nearest whole öre (SEK 0.01). Any amount exceeding the quotient value of the shares shall be added to the free share premium reserve; that the subscription price and the number of shares that each TO 3 entitles right to subscribe for may be subject to recalculation in accordance with Clause 8 of the terms and conditions; that the warrants may be exercised during the period from and including 1 April 2025 up to and including 15 April 2025; that the period when the subscription right may be exercised may be brought forward or postponed in accordance with Clause 8 of the terms and conditions; and that the shares issued upon exercise of warrants shall confer right to dividends in accordance with Clause 7 of the terms and conditions. The resolution on a rights issue of units presupposes and  where applicable  is conditional upon the general meeting resolving to reduce the share capital and to amend the Articles of Association in accordance with the board of directors' proposals in item 12 and item 13  respectively  on the agenda for the meeting. The company's CEO shall be authorized to make such minor formal adjustments of the issue resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or Euroclear Sweden AB. ________________ Lund on 20 May 2024The Board of Directors of Immunovia AB (publ)Appendix A Terms and conditions for warrants series TO 2 in Immunovia AB (publ) 1. Definitions In these terms and conditions: ""the bank"" means the bank or account keeping institute retained by the company from time to time to manage certain tasks pursuant to  or provided for by  these terms and conditions. ""banking day"" means a day that is not a Saturday  Sunday or another public holiday in Sweden  or which as regards the payment of promissory notes is not equated with a public holiday in Sweden. ""the Companies Act"" means the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). ""the company"" means Immunovia AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556730- 4299. ""market quotation"" means  in relation to any shares  securities or other rights  that the relevant shares  securities or rights are listed on a stock exchange  authorised market place  regulated market or a similar market place. ""securities account"" means a securities account (Sw. värdepapperskonto ('avstämningskonto')) with Euroclear on which the respective warrant holders' holdings of warrants are registered or  as the case may be  shares in the company issued pursuant to subscription are to be registered. ""subscription"" means subscription  upon exercise of warrants  for new shares in the company in exchange for cash payment in accordance with these terms and conditions. ""subscription period"" means the period during which subscription can be made according to these terms and conditions. ""subscription price"" means the price at which subscription can be effected according to these terms and conditions. ""Euroclear"" means the Swedish central securities depositary Euroclear Sweden AB.""warrant"" means a right to subscribe for new shares in the company in exchange for cash payment in accordance with these terms and conditions. ""warrant holder"" means the person registered as holder of a warrant on a securities account. Number of warrants  registrations etc.The total number of warrants amounts to the maximum number that follows from the relevant issue resolution.The warrants shall be registered by Euroclear in a securities register pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Act (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). Thus  no physical warrant certificates will be issued. The warrants will on behalf of the warrant holders be registered on their respective securities accounts. Registrations relating to the warrants in connection with measures pursuant to Clauses 6  8 or 12 below will be effected by the company through the account keeping institute retained by the company from time to time to procure such registration. A warrant holder's request for other registration shall be made to the account keeping institute with which the warrant holder has opened its securities account.The company undertakes to effectuate subscriptions in accordance with these terms and conditions. Right to subscribe for new sharesOne (1) TO 2 entitles the right to subscribe for one (1) new share in the company against cash consideration amounting to 70 per cent of the volume weighted average price according to the official price list of Nasdaq Stockholm for shares in the company during the period from and including 12 December 2024 up to and including 27 December 2024  however not less than the quotient value of the shares and not more than an amount corresponding to 125 per cent of the subscription price per share in the rights issue of units that was resolved by the board of directors on 20 May 2024  subject to subsequent approval by the annual general meeting on 19 June 2024. The subscription price shall be rounded off to the nearest whole öre (SEK 0.01). Any amount exceeding the quotient value of the shares shall be added to the free share premium reserve.The subscription price as well as the number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for can be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Clause 8 below. If the application of these provisions should result in a subscription price lower than the quotient value at that time of the then outstanding shares  the subscription price shall instead equal the quotient value at that time of the then outstanding shares. SubscriptionSubscription may only be made during the period from and including 2 January 2025 up to and including 16 January 2025.The subscription period can be brought forward or postponed in accordance with the provisions of Clause 8 below.Subscription may only be made for the whole number of shares that the total number of warrants  which are registered on the same securities account and which are exercised by the same warrant holder at one and the same time  confer the right to subscribe for. Subscription is made by submitting an application form (subscription list) in the form stipulated and provided by the company or the bank  duly completed and signed  to the company or the bank at the address specified in the application form. Should such application form (subscription list) not have been received by the company or the bank within the subscription period  the warrants shall lapse. Subscription is binding and may not be revoked. PaymentPayment for the number of shares for which the subscription relates shall be made simultaneously with the subscription. The payment shall be made in cash to the bank account specified in the application form (subscription list). Effectuation of subscriptionSubscription is effected following subscription and payment made in accordance with Clauses 4 and 5 above. Any fractions of warrants that may not be exercised for subscription pursuant to the third paragraph of Clause 4 above will then be disregarded from. Such fractions shall lapse upon subscription.Subscription is effected through a resolution of the board of directors of the company to allot the new shares to the warrant holder  whereafter the new shares are recorded in the company's share ledger (which is kept by Euroclear) and on the warrant holder's securities account as interim shares. Following completion of registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office ( Sw . Bolagsverket)  the recordings of the new shares in the share ledger and on the securities account become final.As stated in Clause 8 below  subscription may in certain cases be effected only after a certain date  and with the application of a recalculated subscription price and a recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for. Dividends on new sharesA share issued pursuant to subscription confers right to dividends from the first record date for dividends that occurs following effectuation of the subscription to such extent that the share has been recorded as interim share in the company's share ledger. Recalculation of subscription price and number of shares  etc. 8.1 Bonus issue If the company effects a bonus issue  then subscription made at such date that it cannot be effected to such extent that shares issued pursuant to the subscription can be recorded as interim shares in the company's share ledger on the seventeenth calendar day prior to the shareholders' meeting to consider the bonus issue at the latest shall be effected after the resolution on the issue of the shareholders' meeting.Shares issued pursuant to subscription effected after the issue resolution do not confer right to participate in the bonus issue. If the bonus issue is completed  a recalculated subscription price and a recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall apply to subscription effected after the issue resolution. The recalculations shall be made by the company in accordance with the following formulas: (recalculated subscription price) = (previous subscription price) x (the number of shares in the company prior to the bonus issue) / (the number of shares in the company after the bonus issue) (recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) = (the previous number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) x (the number of shares in the company after the bonus issue) / (the number of shares in the company prior to the bonus issue) When recalculation shall be made as above-mentioned  the recalculated subscription price and the recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall be fixed by the company two banking days after the issue resolution at the latest  and final registration in the share ledger and on securities accounts of shares issued pursuant to subscription will be made after the record date of the bonus issue. Prior thereto  such shares are recorded only provisionally in the share ledger and on securities accounts and do not confer right to participate in the bonus issue. When recalculation as per the above shall take place before the subscription price has been determined according to item 3 above  the recalculation of the subscription price shall only refer to the highest subscription price. 8.2 Consolidation or split-up If the company effects a consolidation or split-up of its shares  then subscription made at such date that it cannot be effected to such extent that shares issued pursuant to the subscription can be recorded as interim shares in the company's share ledger on the seventeenth calendar day prior to the shareholders' meeting to consider the consolidation or split-up at the latest shall be effected after the resolution on the consolidation or split-up of the shareholders' meeting. Shares issued pursuant to subscription effected after the consolidation or split-up resolution are not affected by the consolidation or split-up. If the consolidation or split-up is completed  a recalculated subscription price and a recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall apply to subscription effected after the consolidation or split-up resolution. The recalculations shall be made by the company in accordance with the following formulas: (recalculated subscription price) = (previous subscription price) x (the number of shares in the company prior to the consolidation or split-up) / (the number of shares in the company after the consolidation or split-up) (recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) = (the previous number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) x (the number of shares in the company after the consolidation or split-up / (the number of shares in the company prior to the consolidation or split-up) When recalculation shall be made as above-mentioned  the recalculated subscription price and the recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall be fixed by the company two banking days after the consolidation or split-up resolution at the latest  and finalregistration in the share ledger and on securities accounts of shares issued pursuant to subscription will be made after the consolidation or split-up having been registered with Euroclear. Prior thereto  such shares are recorded only provisionally in the share ledger and on securities accounts and are not affected by the consolidation or split-up. When recalculation as per the above shall take place before the subscription price has been determined according to item 3 above  the recalculation of the subscription price shall only refer to the highest subscription price. 8.3 New issue of shares If the company effects a new issue of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders to subscribe for the new shares against cash payment or payment by way of set-off  the following shall apply as regards effectuation of subscription and the right to participate in the issue conferred by shares issued pursuant to subscription: If the issue is resolved by the board of directors subject to the approval of the shareholders' meeting or pursuant to prior authorisation by the shareholders' meeting  then the latest date on which subscription shall have been effected in order for a share issued pursuant to subscription to confer right to participate in the issue shall be stated in the issue resolution. Such date may not fall earlier than on the tenth calendar day after public disclosure of the board of directors' issue resolution. Subscription made at such date that it cannot be effected to such extent that shares issued pursuant to the subscription can be recorded as interim shares in the company's share ledger on the said date at the latest shall be effected after that date.Shares issued pursuant to subscription effected after the above-mentioned date do not confer right to participate in the new issue. If the issue is resolved by the shareholders' meeting  then subscription made at such date that it cannot be effected to such extent that shares issued pursuant to the subscription can be recorded as interim shares in the company's share ledger on the seventeenth calendar day prior to the shareholders' meeting to consider the issue at the latest shall be effected after the resolution on the issue of the shareholders' meeting. Shares issued pursuant to subscription effected after the issue resolution do not confer right to participate in the new issue. If the new issue is completed  a recalculated subscription price and a recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for shall apply to subscription effected at such date  that shares issued pursuant to such subscription do not confer right to participate in the new issue. The recalculations shall be made by the company in accordance with the following formulas: (recalculated subscription price) = (previous subscription price) x (the average market price of the share during the subscription period fixed pursuant to the issue resolution (""the average share price"")) / ((the average share price) + (the theoretical value of the subscription right (""the value of the subscription right""))) (recalculated number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) = (the previous number of shares that each warrant confers right to subscribe for) x ((the average price of the share) + (the value of the subscription right)) / (the average share price))",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'rights issue', 'Immunovia', 'Resolution', 'units', 'approval', 'unrestricted share premium reserve', 'maximum permitted share capital', 'one (1) warrant series', 'annual general meeting', 'same time period', 'separate subscription list', 'two (2) warrants series', 'two (2) shares', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Immunovia AB', 'record date', 'quota value', 'preferential rights', 'underwriting commitments', 'issuing agent', 'third banking', 'promissory note', 'maximum amount', 'unit rights', 'maximum number', 'rights issue', 'new shares', 'existing shares', 'current Articles', 'cash payment', ""directors' determination"", 'total number', 'charge warrants', 'extent allotment', 'remaining units', 'The', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Resolution', 'approval', 'board', 'publ', 'Reg.', '19 June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'person', 'five', 'company', 'authorization', 'item', 'account', 'reduction', 'agenda', 'completion', 'limits', 'Association', 'result', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'relation', 'shareholding', 'receipt', 'August', 'framework', 'support', 'event', 'subscriber', 'proportion', 'stage', 'rata', 'drawing', 'lots', 'notice']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41298,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OVERSEA-CHINESE-BANKING-C-6491130/news/Oversea-Chinese-Banking-OCBC-5-520-Subordinated-Notes-due-2034-46783115/,Oversea Chinese Banking : OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034,(marketscreener.com)   OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034    Pricing Supplement   Term and Conditions as extracted from the Offering Memorandum relating to the Global Medium Term Note Programme dated 18 April 2024      EXECUTION VERSION …,"OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034 Pricing Supplement Term and Conditions as extracted from the Offering Memorandum relating to the Global Medium Term Note Programme dated 18 April 2024EXECUTION VERSION IMPORTANT NOTICE THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (""REGULATION S"")) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES (""U.S."") IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. If you are not the intended recipient of this message  please do not distribute or copy the information contained in this e-mail  but instead  delete and destroy all copies of this e-mail including all attachments. The following applies to this pricing supplement (the ""Pricing Supplement"")  and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading  accessing or making any other use of the Pricing Supplement. You acknowledge that you will not forward this electronic transmission or the Pricing Supplement to any other person. In accessing the Pricing Supplement  you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions  including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD  PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING  DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS  YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Pricing Supplement or make an investment decision with respect to the securities  investors must be non-U.S. persons eligible to purchase the securities outside the United States in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S. This Pricing Supplement is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Pricing Supplement  you shall be deemed to have represented to us that you and any customers you represent are non-U.S. persons eligible to purchase the securities outside the United States in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States and that you consent to delivery of such Pricing Supplement by electronic transmission. You are reminded that this Pricing Supplement has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this Pricing Supplement may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not  nor are you authorized to  deliver this Pricing Supplement to any other person. The materials relating to the offering of securities to which this Pricing Supplement relates do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the underwriters or any affiliate of the underwriters is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriters or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer (as defined in this Pricing Supplement) in such jurisdiction. This Pricing Supplement has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer or Managers named in this document nor any person who controls any Manager  nor any director  officer  employee nor agent of the Issuer or any Manager  or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Pricing Supplement distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from any Manager. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.Pricing Supplement dated 13 May 2024 OVERSEA-CHINESE BANKING CORPORATION LIMITED (acting through its registered office in Singapore) Issue of U.S.$500 000 000 5.520 per cent. Subordinated Notes due 2034 under the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited U.S.$30 000 000 000 Global Medium Term Note Programme This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the Perpetual Capital Securities (the ""Conditions"") set forth in the Offering Memorandum dated 18 April 2024 (the ""Offering Memorandum""). This Pricing Supplement  together with the information set out in the Schedules hereto  contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Offering Memorandum. Where interest  discount income  early redemption fee or redemption premium is derived from any of the Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore  the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the ""Income Tax Act"")  shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest  discount income  early redemption fee or redemption premium derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the Income Tax Act. Pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2022 of Singapore (the ""FSM Act"") and the Financial Services and Markets (Resolution of Financial Institutions) Regulations 2024  the Subordinated Notes would be eligible instruments (as defined in the FSM Act). Accordingly  should a bail-in certificate (as defined in the FSM Act) be issued  Subordinated Notes may be subject to cancelation  modification  conversion and/or change in form  as set out in such bail-in certificate. UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"")  and professional clients  as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently  no 2key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Paragraph 21 of the Hong Kong SFC Code of Conduct - As paragraph 21 of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission applies to this offering of Notes  prospective investors should refer to the section on "" Important Notice - Important Notice to Prospective Investors"" appearing on pages 1 to 2 of the Offering Memorandum  and CMIs (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) should refer to the section on ""Plan of Distribution - Important Notice to CMIs (including private banks)"" appearing on pages 429 to 431 of the Offering Memorandum. 1 Issuer: Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (acting through its registered office in Singapore) 2 (i) Series Number: 60 (ii) Tranche Number: 001 3 Specified Currency or Currencies: United States dollars (""U.S.$"") 4 Aggregate Principal Amount: (i) Series: U.S.$500 000 000 (ii) Tranche: U.S.$500 000 000 5 Issue Price: 100.00% of the Aggregate Principal Amount 6 (i) Specified Denominations: U.S.$200 000 and  in excess thereof  integral multiples of U.S.$1 000 (ii) Calculation Amount: U.S.$1 000 7 (i) Issue Date: 21 May 2024 (ii) Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date (iii) Trade Date: 13 May 2024 (iv) First Call Date: 21 May 2029 38 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Maturity Date: 21 May 2034 Interest Basis: Fixed Rate  subject to paragraph 16(i) below (further particulars specified below) Redemption/Payment Basis: Redemption at par Change of Interest or Redemption/ Applicable  see paragraph 16(i) below Payment Basis: Put/Call Options: Issuer Call (further particulars specified below) Listing: SGX-ST Status of Notes: Subordinated Method of distribution: Syndicated PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 16 Fixed Rate Note Provisions Rate(s) of Interest: Applicable 5.520% per annum payable semi-annually in arrear from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date (as specified in paragraph 7(iv)). From (and including) the First Call Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date  at a fixed rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the aggregate of (a) the then-prevailing US Treasury Rate and (b) the Initial Spread. If such fixed rate in the aggregate is negative  it shall be deemed to be 0 per cent. For the purposes of this Pricing Supplement: ""Calculation Business Day"" means any day  excluding a Saturday and a Sunday  on which banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York City and Singapore. ""Calculation Date"" means the second Calculation Business Day preceding the First Call Date. ""Comparable Treasury Issue"" means the U.S. Treasury security selected by an independent financial institution of international repute (which is appointed by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Trustee) as having a maturity of five years that would be utilised  at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice  in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities with a maturity of five years. ""Comparable Treasury Price"" means  with respect to any Calculation Date  the average of three Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Calculation Date. 4""Initial Spread"" means: 1.03 per cent. ""Reference Treasury Dealer"" means each of the three nationally recognised investment banking firms selected by the Issuer that are primary U.S. Government securities dealers. ""Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations"" means with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Calculation Date  the average  as determined by the Calculation Agent  of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue  expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount  quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 10.00 p.m. New York City time  on such Calculation Date. ""US Treasury Rate"" means the rate in percentage per annum notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Noteholders (in accordance with the Conditions) equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity of five years as is derived from H.15 under the caption ""Treasury constant maturities""  as displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent) at 5 p.m. (New York time) on the Calculation Date. If such page (or any successor page or service does not display the relevant yield at 5 p.m. (New York time) on the Calculation Date  U.S. Treasury Rate shall mean the rate in percentage per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue  calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for the Calculation Date. If there is no Comparable Treasury Price on the Calculation Date for whatever reason  U.S. Treasury Rate shall mean the rate in percentage per annum notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Noteholders (in accordance with the Conditions) equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity of five years as is derived from H.15 under the caption ""Treasury constant maturities""  as was displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent)  at 5 p.m. (New York time) on 5Interest Payment Date(s): Fixed Coupon Amount(s): Broken Amount(s): Day Count Fraction (Condition 4(l)): Other terms relating to the method of calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 17 Floating Rate Provisions 17A Singapore Dollar Notes: Zero Coupon Note Provisions Credit Linked Note Provisions Equity Linked Note Provisions Bond Linked Note Provisions Index Linked Interest Note Provisions Dual Currency Note ProvisionsPROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION the last available date preceding the Calculation Date on which such rate was displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent). 21 May and 21 November in each year  provided that if any date for payment falls on a day which is not a Business Day  the date for payment will be the next succeeding Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt  Condition 7(j) applies to the Notes Not Applicable Not Applicable 30/360 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 24 Call Option Optional Redemption Date(s): Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note and specified denomination method  if any  of calculation of such amount(s): Applicable The First Call Date only  subject to regulatory approval (paragraph (ii) of Condition 5(d)(ii) shall not apply to the Notes) U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount 25 (iii) If redeemable in part: Not Applicable (iv) Notice period: As provided for in the Conditions Put Option Not Applicable 626 27 28 Variation instead of Redemption Applicable (Condition 5(h)) Final Redemption Amount of each Note U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount Early Redemption Amount Early Redemption Amount(s) per U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount Calculation Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 5(c)) or an event of default (Condition 10) and/or the method of calculating the same (if required or if different than that set out in the Conditions): PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOSS ABSORPTION 29 Loss Absorption Option: Write-off on a Applicable Trigger Event (Condition 6(b)): 30 Loss Absorption Option: Conversion: Not Applicable GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 31 Form of Notes: Registered Notes: 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 Financial Center(s) (Condition 7(j)) or other special provisions relating to Payment Dates: Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which each payment is to be made and consequences (if any) of failure to pay  including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due on late payment: Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of each Instalment  date on which each payment is to be made: Redenomination  renominalisation and reconventioning provisions: Consolidation provisions: Other terms or special conditions: Regulation S Unrestricted Global Certificate (U.S.$500 000 000 nominal amount) registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream New York City and Singapore No Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Applicable. Please refer to Schedule 2 for certain modifications to the Conditions. 7DISTRIBUTION 39 (i) If syndicated  names of Managers: Stabilisation Manager (if any): If non-syndicated  name of Dealer: Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C was applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable: Additional selling restrictions: HONG KONG SFC CODE OF CONDUCT 43 (i) Rebates (ii) Contact email addresses of the Overall Coordinators where underlying investor information in relation to omnibus orders should be sent: Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. J.P. Morgan Securities Asia Private Limited Merrill Lynch (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited  Singapore Branch Wells Fargo Securities International Limited Any of the Managers appointed and acting in its capacity as stabilisation manager Not Applicable TEFRA not applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable investor.info.hk.bond.deals@jpmorgan.com OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 ISIN Code: XS2823260604 Common Code: 282326060 CUSIP: Not Applicable CMU Instrument Number: Not Applicable Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007O3QFXCPOGWK22 Any clearing system(s) other than CDP  Not Applicable the CMU  Austraclear  Euroclear and Clearstream and/or DTC and the relevant identification number(s): Delivery: Delivery against payment Additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): Not Applicable The Agents appointed in respect of the Not Applicable Notes are: GENERAL INFORMATION 53 Governing law of Notes: English  save that the provisions of the subordination  set-off and payment void  default and enforcement Conditions in Condition 3(b)  Condition 3(c)  Condition 3(d)  Condition 10(b)(ii) 8",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Oversea Chinese Banking', 'Subordinated Notes', 'OCBC', 'Global Medium Term Note Programme', 'EXECUTION VERSION IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'hard copy version', 'OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'other destructive items', 'Pricing Supplement Term', 'ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES', 'U.S. PERSONS', 'electronic mail address', 'LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS', 'electronic form', 'OTHER JURISDICTIONS', 'intended recipient', 'following terms', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'MANNER WHATSOEVER', 'FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS', 'investment decision', 'licensed broker', 'REGULATION S', 'OFFSHORE TRANSACTION', 'other use', 'other person', 'APPLICABLE STATE', 'Offering Memorandum', 'Conditions', 'April', 'INVESTORS', 'RELIANCE', 'message', 'information', 'copies', 'attachments', 'modifications', 'result', 'access', 'SALE', 'OTHERWISE', 'ACCOUNT', 'BENEFIT', 'EXEMPTION', 'REPRODUCTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'FAILURE', 'THIS', 'DIRECTIVE', 'VIOLATION', 'GAINED', 'Confirmation', 'Representation', 'order', 'respect', 'request', 'customers', 'delivery', 'basis', 'possession', 'accordance', 'materials', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'place', 'offers', 'dealer', 'underwriters', 'affiliate', 'behalf', 'Issuer', 'process', 'none', 'Managers', 'director', 'officer', 'employee', 'agent', 'liability', 'responsibility', 'difference', 'viruses']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41299,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMMUNOVIA-AB-34264419/news/Immunovia-Convening-notice-2024-46781621/,Immunovia : Convening notice 2024,(marketscreener.com)   The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB    The sharehol…,"The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (PUBL) The shareholders in Immunovia AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556730-4299  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund on Wednesday 19 June 2024 at 10 a.m. CEST. Right to participate and notice of participation A shareholder who wishes to participate in the AGM must (i) be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday 11 June 2024  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the AGM no later than Thursday 13 June 2024  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 8  SE-223 63 Lund  Sweden  or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com.The notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2). Shareholders who have had their shares registered in the name of a trustee must  in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so-called voting rights registration). The trustee must have completed the voting rights registration no later than as of Thursday 13 June 2024  which means that shareholders who wish such voting rights registration must inform the trustee of this well in advance of the said date. Proxies etc. Shareholders intending to participate by proxy must issue a written  signed  and dated power of attorney. The validity term of the power of attorney may not be more than one year  unless a longer validity term is specifically stated in the power of attorney (however at the longest five years). If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  the representing proxy must also present an up-to-date certificate of registration (Sw. registreringsbevis) or equivalent document for the legal entity. In order to facilitate the entrance at the meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other authorization documents should preferably be attached to the shareholder's notification to participate in the AGM. A template power of attorney is available at the company's website (www.immunovia.com) and will be sent by mail to the shareholders who request it and state their address. Proposed agenda Opening of the meeting. Election of a chairman for the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Election of one (1) or two (2) persons to approve the minutes. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report  and the consolidated annual report and the consolidated audit report as well as the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Decision on: approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet. approval of allocations regarding the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet. whether to discharge the directors and the CEO from liability. Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditors. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditors. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Resolution on reduction of the share capital.Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association. Resolution on approval of the board's resolution on a rights issue of units. Resolution on authorization to the board to issue shares and warrants to guarantors. Resolution on authorization of the board to resolve on new issue of shares. Closing of the meeting. Proposed resolutions § 1 Election of a chairman for the meeting The Nomination Committee for the 2024 AGM  that has consisted of its chairman Sara Ek (representing herself)  Carl Borrebaeck (representing himself)  Mats Leifland (representing Mats Ohlin) and Peter Høngaard Andersen in his capacity as chairman of the board  proposes that lawyer Ola Grahn should be elected as chairman for the meeting. § 7 b Approval of allocations regarding the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet The board proposes that the company's result shall be allocated in accordance with the proposal set out in the annual report for 2023  i.e.  that no dividends are paid  and that SEK 60 668 202 shall be carried forward to a new account. § 8 Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the chairman of the board shall receive SEK 420 000 (550 000) and each member of the board of directors who are not employed by the company shall receive SEK 180 000 (240 000). Remuneration for committee work is proposed to amount to SEK 25 000 (30 000) for members of the Audit  Science and Remuneration Committees and SEK 40 000 (50 000) for the chair of the Audit  Science and Remuneration Committees. Travel expenses will be reimbursed in accordance with company policy. Lastly  the Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that the auditor's fees are to be paid as per approved invoice. § 9 Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of board members shall be six  that the board members Peter Høngaard Andersen  Martin Møller  Hans Johansson  Michael Löfman  Melissa Farina and Valerie Bogdan-Powers shall be re-elected as board members  and that Peter Høngaard Andersen shall be re-elected as chairman of the board. More information concerning the board members proposed for re-election can be found on the company's website and in the annual report for 2023. The Nomination Committee also proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that one auditor with one deputy auditor shall be appointed  and that the authorized public accountant Mats-Åke Andersson  HLB Auditoriet AB  shall be re-elected as the auditor of the company  and that the authorized public accountant Martin Gustafsson  HLB Auditoriet AB  shall be re-elected as the deputy auditor. § 10 Resolution on approval of the remuneration report The board proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board's remuneration report for the financial year 2023. § 11 Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives The board proposes  with amendments to the guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2023  that the AGM resolves to adopt the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Scope and applicability of the guidelines These guidelines cover the members of Immunovia's group management (including the CEO). The guidelines also cover any remuneration to members of the board of directors  in addition to board remuneration.The guidelines shall apply to remuneration agreed  and changes made to already agreed remuneration  after the adoption of the guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to any remuneration resolved by the general meeting  such as  for example  remuneration to board members and share-based incentive programmes. The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability Immunovia is a diagnostic company whose mission is to increase survival rates for patients with pancreatic cancer through early detection. In short  Immunovia's business strategy includes developing and commercializing blood-based tests to detect proteins and antibodies that indicate that a high-risk individual has developed pancreatic cancer. For more information about the company's business strategy  please refer to Immunovia's latest annual report. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Immunovia's business strategy and safeguarding of Immunovia's long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain senior executives with good competence and capacity to achieve set goals. To achieve this  Immunovia must be able to offer market-based and competitive remuneration  which these guidelines enable. Long-termshare-based incentive programmes have been implemented in Immunovia. For a description of these incentive programmes  please refer to Immunovia's latest annual report. The share-based incentive programmes have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. Types of remuneration  etc. Remuneration shall be on market terms as well as competitive and shall consist of the following components: fixed salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. The level of remuneration for individual executives shall be based on factors such as work tasks  skills  experience  position and performance. In addition - and irrespective of these guidelines - the general meeting may decide on  e.g. share and share price- related remuneration. Remuneration shall not be discriminatory on the basis of gender  ethnic background  national origin  age  disability or other irrelevant circumstances. In the case of employments governed by rules other than Swedish rules  as far as pension and other benefits are concerned  appropriate adjustments may be made to comply with such mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account as far as possible the overall purpose of these guidelines. Fixed salary The CEO and other senior executives shall be offered a fixed annual cash salary. The fixed salary shall be based on the individual's responsibility  competence  and performance. The fixed cash salary shall as a starting point be determined per calendar year with annual salary review. Variable cash remuneration In addition to fixed salary  the CEO and other senior executives may  by separate agreement  receive variable cash remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines is intended to promote Immunovia's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. The satisfaction of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measurable over a period of one or more years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 200 per cent of the fixed annual salary for the CEO and a maximum of 100 per cent of the fixed annual salary for other senior executives. The variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits  save as required by mandatory collective bargaining agreements. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to one or more predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial  such as revenue achieved or capital raised or non-financial  such as achievement of clinical milestones  securing reimbursement or completing a licensing transaction. The variable cash remuneration can be completely independent of non-financial criteria. By clearly and measurably linking the remuneration of thesenior executives to the financial and operational performance of the company  the objectives promote the realisation of Immunovia's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. The extent to which the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration have been satisfied shall be assessed and determined when the measurement period for fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has ended. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for such evaluation. The fulfilment of financial criteria shall be determined based on the most recent financial information published by Immunovia. Additional variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are made only on an individual basis either for the purpose of recruitment or retention of executives  or as compensation for extraordinary performance in addition to the person's regular duties. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the board on the basis of a proposal by the Remuneration Committee. Pension benefits Pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be defined contribution  to the extent that the executive is not covered by a defined benefit pension under mandatory collective bargaining agreements. Pension premiums for defined contribution pensions may amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Other benefits Other benefits may include  inter alia  life insurance and medical insurance. Premiums and other costs related to such benefits may not exceed in total 20 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Termination of employment and severance pay Senior executives shall be employed until further notice or for a fixed term. In case of termination by Immunovia  the notice period may not exceed 12 months. Severance pay  in addition to salary and other remuneration during the notice period  may not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed cash monthly salary during 24 months. In case of termination by the senior executive  the notice period may not exceed 6 months  without entitlement to severance pay. In addition to fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay  additional remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed senior executive is not entitled to severance pay for the period for which the non-compete undertaking applies. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and amount to a maximum of 60 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary at the time of termination of employment  subject to mandatory collective bargaining agreements  and be paid during the period of the non-competition undertaking  which shall be a maximum of 12 months following termination of employment. Salary and employment conditions for employees In the preparation of the board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salary and employment conditions for Immunovia's employees have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and the increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. Consultancy fees for members of the board of directors To the extent a board member performs work on behalf of Immunovia  in addition to the board work  a market- based consultancy fee for such work may be paid to the board member or to a company controlled by the board member  provided that the services contribute to the implementation of Immunovia's business strategy and the safeguarding of Immunovia's long-term interests  including its sustainability.Preparation and decision-making process The board has established a Remuneration Committee. The duties of the Remuneration Committee include preparing the board's resolution to propose guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every four years and submit it to the annual general meeting. The guidelines shall apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration to senior executives  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives and the current remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the company. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in relation to the company and the executive management. The CEO or other members of the senior management do not participate in the board of director's processing of and resolutions on remuneration-related matters  insofar as they are affected by such matters. Deviation from these guidelines The board may resolve to temporarily deviate from these guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are special reasons for doing so in an individual case and a deviation is necessary to fulfil the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the board's resolutions on remuneration issues  including any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines. Revision of the guidelines The board has not received any comments from the shareholders regarding the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The board of directors' proposal to revise the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives is prompted partly by the company's restructuring measures carried out in 2023  which included staff reductions in both Sweden and the US and partly by adaptation of the guidelines based on the remuneration package applicable to the new CEO who took up his role in 2023  and to the company's CFO. In addition  the review has resulted in a general adjustment of the guidelines to be in line with the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act. § 12 Resolution on reduction of the share capital The board proposes that the AGM resolves to reduce the company's share capital by SEK 905 749.96 for allocation to non-restricted equity and without cancellation of shares. The reason for the board's proposal for the reduction of the company's share capital for allocation to non-restricted equity is to improve the ratio between the share capital and non-restricted equity. Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen)  the board states the following. The decision to reduce the company's share capital in accordance with the proposal can be carried out without permission from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a general court since the company intends to carry out a rights issue of units  which means that neither the company's restricted equity nor the share capital together will decrease. The board's proposal for resolution on approval of the board's resolution on a rights issue of units is set out in item 14 on the agenda for the AGM. The effect of the board's proposal to reduce the share capital in accordance with this proposal is that the share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 905 749.96 to SEK 1 358 624.94  whereby the quota value of the share will decrease from SEK 0.05 to SEK 0.03. In connection with the registration of the reduction with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  a share capital increase corresponding to at least the proposed reduction will also be registered  resulting in that neither the company's restricted equity nor the share capital decreases. The resolution of a reduction of the share capital presupposes and is conditional upon that the board's resolution on the rights issue of units  as set out in item 14 on the agenda for the AGM  is approved and that the rights issue is subscribed to such an extent that the share capital after the rights issue amounts to at least SEK 2 264 374.90.§ 13 Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association In order to enable the rights issue of units consisting of shares and warrants that is proposed to be approved in accordance with item 14 on the agenda for the AGM (the ""Rights Issue"")  the board proposes that the AGM resolves to amend the company's Articles of Association by adopting new limits for the share capital and the number of shares  respectively. In this regard  the board has prepared eleven proposals for amendments to the Articles of Association  Alternative A  Alternative B  Alternative C  Alternative D  Alternative E  Alternative F  Alternative G  Alternative H  Alternative I  Alternative J and Alternative K. Only one Articles of Association are intended to be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Which Articles of Association may be registered depends on the final transaction structure and how many shares and warrants are issued and subscribed for and paid for in the Rights Issue. It is proposed that the board be authorized to register the company's new Articles of Association in accordance with one of Alternative A  Alternative B  Alternative C  Alternative D  Alternative E  Alternative F  Alternative G  Alternative H  Alternative I  Alternative J and Alternative K  based on what the board  after considering the final terms and the outcome of the Rights Issue  deems most appropriate. It is therefore proposed that the general meeting resolves on all alternatives  but only one of the alternatives may ultimately be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The board of directors may also find it most appropriate not to register any Articles of Association at all. Amendments to the Articles of Association in accordance with Alternative A §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 2 100 000 and not more than SEK 8 400 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 70 000 000 and not more than 280 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association in accordance with Alternative B §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 2 700 000 and not more than SEK 10 800 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 90 000 000 and not more than 360 000 000.Amendments to the Articles of Association in accordance with Alternative C §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 3 600 000 and not more than SEK 14 400 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 120 000 000 and not more than 480 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative D §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 4 800 000 and not more than SEK 19 200 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 160 000 000 and not more than 640 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative E §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 6 300 000 and not more than SEK 25 200 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 210 000 000 and not more than 840 000 000.Amendments to the Articles of Association in accordance with Alternative F §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 8 400 000 and not more than SEK 33 600 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 280 000 000 and not more than 1 120 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative G §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 11 100 000 and not more than SEK 44 400 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 370 000 000 and not more than 1 480 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative H §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 14 700 000 and not more than SEK 58 800 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 490 000 000 and not more than 1 960 000 000.Amendments to the Articles of Association according to Alternative I §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 19 500 000 and not more than SEK 78 000 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 650 000 000 and not more than 2 600 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative J §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 25 800 000 and not more than SEK 103 200 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 860 000 000 and not more than 3 440 000 000. Amendments to the Articles of Association according with Alternative K §4 Share capital Current wording The share capital shall be not less than 1 100 000 and not more than SEK 4 400 000. Proposed wording The share capital shall be not less than SEK 34 200 000 and not more than SEK 136 800 000. §5 Number of shares Current wording The number of shares shall be not less than 22 000 000 and not more than 88 000 000. Proposed wording The number of shares shall be not less than 1 140 000 000 and not more than 4 560 000 000. The AGM's resolution in accordance with the board's proposal under Alternatives A-K above shall be made as a joint resolution.",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['Convening notice', 'Immunovia', 'Peter Høngaard Andersen', 'longest five years', 'lawyer Ola Grahn', 'The Nomination Committee', 'personal identity number', 'voting rights registration', 'longer validity term', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated annual report', 'other authorization documents', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'voting list', 'rights issue', 'The Spark', 'committee work', 'Audit, Science', 'telephone number', 'consolidated profit', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'Medicon Village', 'share register', 'Bolagsstämma', 'Scheelevägen', 'registered shareholding', 'one year', 'legal entity', 'Sw. registreringsbevis', 'equivalent document', 'two (2) persons', 'senior executives', 'loss account', 'share capital', 'new issue', 'Sara Ek', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'Mats Leifland', 'Mats Ohlin', 'new account', 'Tuesday 11 June', 'Thursday 13 June', 'remuneration report', 'date certificate', 'applicable guidelines', 'loss statement', 'dated power', 'template power', 'Remuneration Committees', 'board members', '19 June', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'AGM', 'Scheeletorget', 'Lund', 'Wednesday', '10 a', 'CEST', 'participation', 'intention', 'post', 'SE-2', 'email', 'bolagsstamma', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'shares', 'trustee', 'order', 'advance', 'Proxies', 'proxy', 'written', 'attorney', 'entrance', 'copy', 'notification', 'company', 'website', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'compliance', 'Decision', 'allocations', 'result', 'directors', 'CEO', 'liability', 'fees', 'Resolution', 'reduction', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'units', 'warrants', 'guarantors', 'Closing', 'capacity', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'dividends', 'SEK']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41300,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/274381046/roemer-capital-announces-invitation-to-tender-to-holders-of-cian-plc-isin-us83418t1088-bloomberg-cian-us,Roemer Capital Announces Invitation to Tender to Holders of Cian Plc (ISIN: US83418T1088  Bloomberg: CIAN US),FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  SHARES THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  ANY SHARES HELD THROUGH CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.) ARE NOT DEEMED ELIGIBLE SHARES FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE ...,FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  SHARES THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  ANY SHARES HELD THROUGH CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.) ARE NOT DEEMED ELIGIBLE SHARES FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE ...,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.71,0.25,True,English,"['Roemer Capital', 'Cian Plc', 'CIAN US', 'Invitation', 'Holders', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.', 'ELIGIBLE SHARES', 'AVOIDANCE', 'DOUBT', 'LIMITATION', 'PURPOSE', 'THE']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,bignewsnetwork.com
41301,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/102525/,VTB receives refusal from Belgium to unfreeze clients' assets,MOSCOW. May 22 (Interfax) - The Belgian Treasury refused VTB's request to obtain a license to unfreeze client assets frozen in Euroclear  the Russian bank said in a statement. VTB sent requests to the Belgian Treasury and the Luxembourg Ministry of Finance ...,"VTB receives refusal from Belgium to unfreeze clients' assetsMOSCOW. May 22 (Interfax) - The Belgian Treasury refused VTB's request to obtain a license to unfreeze client assets frozen in Euroclear  the Russian bank said in a statement.VTB sent requests to the Belgian Treasury and the Luxembourg Ministry of Finance in January 2023 to obtain licenses to unlock foreign securities and income from them owned by its clients. These are the assets of investors who were brokered by VTB  and those whose accounts could have been credited with coupons  dividends or funds from the redemption of securities before the transfer of assets.VTB said it would continue to work on obtaining licenses. The bank will specifically consider the possibility of  and is exploring grounds for  filing an administrative complaint against the regulator's decision to a higher authority  namely the Belgian State Council.The bank is also providing support to clients who submit requests for individual licenses  the statement said.Previously  Alfa Capital  Digital Broker and Tinkoff Insurance had received refusals from the Belgian Treasury to unfreeze assets in Euroclear.Interaction between the European central depositories Euroclear  Clearstream and the Russian central depository NSD (National Settlement Depository  part of the Moscow Exchange group ) broke down almost immediately after the start of events in Ukraine. The Russian authorities  in response to tough sanctions  then introduced currency and capital restrictions  and European settlement and clearing organizations closed ruble ""bridges"" and the possibility of settlements in rubles. NSD introduced restrictions on transactions with Euroclear and Clearstream accounts based on instructions from the Russian Central Bank at the beginning of March 2022. In turn  European central depositories have limited transactions on the NSD account.The European Union included NSD in its sanctions list at the beginning of June 2022  which led to the blocking of its accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream. The European Commission published clarifications in early October 2022 according to which the authorities of individual EU member countries could authorize transactions necessary to close contracts and agreements concluded before the imposition of sanctions against NSD by January 7  2023. Russian investors have submitted requests for general licenses to the Ministries of Finance of Belgium and Luxembourg to unlock the assets of all non-sanctioned investors.",neutral,0.02,0.51,0.47,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"[""clients' assets"", 'VTB', 'refusal', 'Belgium', 'individual EU member countries', 'Russian central depository NSD', 'European central depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'Belgian State Council', 'Moscow Exchange group', 'The Belgian Treasury', 'Russian Central Bank', 'European settlement', 'individual licenses', 'Russian bank', 'Russian investors', 'Russian authorities', 'administrative complaint', 'higher authority', 'Alfa Capital', 'Digital Broker', 'Tinkoff Insurance', 'clearing organizations', 'ruble ""bridges', 'early October', 'NSD account', 'tough sanctions', 'sanctions list', 'sanctioned investors', 'Luxembourg Ministry', 'foreign securities', 'capital restrictions', 'general licenses', 'client assets', ""clients' assets"", 'Clearstream accounts', 'VTB', 'refusal', 'Belgium', 'Interfax', 'request', 'Euroclear', 'statement', 'Finance', 'January', 'income', 'coupons', 'dividends', 'funds', 'redemption', 'transfer', 'possibility', 'grounds', 'regulator', 'decision', 'support', 'Interaction', 'part', 'start', 'events', 'Ukraine', 'response', 'currency', 'settlements', 'rubles', 'transactions', 'instructions', 'beginning', 'March', 'turn', 'June', 'blocking', 'clarifications', 'contracts', 'agreements', 'imposition', 'Ministries']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,interfax.com
41302,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAKKT-AG-436668/news/TAKKT-D-Dividend-announcement-46783595/,TAKKT : D Dividend announcement,(marketscreener.com)   TAKKT AG   Stuttgart   Security identification number 744 600   ISIN DE 000 744 600 7   Dividend announcement   The Annual General Meeting of our Company held on May 17  2024   resolved to appropriate the reported...…,TAKKT AGStuttgartSecurity identification number 744 600ISIN DE 000 744 600 7Dividend announcementThe Annual General Meeting of our Company held on May 17  2024resolved to appropriate the reported retained earnings of EUR 88.471.075 17 as follows:Payment of a dividend of EUR 1.00 per no-par value share on the dividend- bearing share capital of EUR 64.628.457 00 to the shareholders  i.e. a total distribution of EUR 64.628.457 00. The remaining unappropriated profits of EUR 23.842.618 17 shall be carried forward to new account.The resolution on the appropriation of net income takes into account 981.874 treasury shares which are not entitled to dividends in accordance with § 71b AktG.The dividend is payable on May 23  2024.Since no effective share certificates have been issued  thePayment of dividend on May 23  2024by Clearstream Banking AG  Frankfurt am Main  via the custodian banks  with deduction of 25% capital gains tax and 5.5% solidarity surcharge on the capital gains tax (total 26.375%) and  if applicable  church tax on the capital gains tax.In the case of shareholders with unlimited tax liability  the withheld capital gains tax plus solidarity surcharge and any church tax is credited against the assessed taxes.The deduction of capital gains tax as well as the solidarity surcharge and any church tax shall not apply to shareholders with unlimited tax liability who have submitted to their depositary bank a non-assessment certificate issued by the tax office responsible for them. The same applies in whole or in part to shareholders who have submitted an exemption instruction to their depositary bank  provided that the exemption volume specified in this instruction has not already been used up by other income from capital assets.1,neutral,0.35,0.63,0.02,negative,0.01,0.42,0.57,True,English,"['D Dividend announcement', 'TAKKT', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'dividend- bearing share capital', 'par value share', 'effective share certificates', 'TAKKT AG Stuttgart', 'Security identification number', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', '25% capital gains tax', 'unlimited tax liability', 'capital assets', 'church tax', 'tax office', 'total distribution', 'unappropriated profits', 'net income', '981.874 treasury shares', 'custodian banks', '5.5% solidarity surcharge', 'depositary bank', 'assessment certificate', 'exemption volume', 'other income', 'new account', 'exemption instruction', 'Dividend announcement', 'ISIN', 'Company', 'May', 'earnings', 'EUR', 'Payment', 'shareholders', 'resolution', 'appropriation', 'dividends', 'accordance', 'deduction', 'case', 'taxes', 'part']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41303,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OVERSEA-CHINESE-BANKING-C-6491130/news/Oversea-Chinese-Banking-OCBC-5-520-Subordinated-Notes-due-2034-46783115/,Oversea Chinese Banking : OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034,(marketscreener.com)   OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034    Pricing Supplement   Term and Conditions as extracted from the Offering Memorandum relating to the Global Medium Term Note Programme dated 18 April 2024      EXECUTION VERSION …,"OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes due 2034 Pricing Supplement Term and Conditions as extracted from the Offering Memorandum relating to the Global Medium Term Note Programme dated 18 April 2024EXECUTION VERSION IMPORTANT NOTICE THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (""REGULATION S"")) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES (""U.S."") IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. If you are not the intended recipient of this message  please do not distribute or copy the information contained in this e-mail  but instead  delete and destroy all copies of this e-mail including all attachments. The following applies to this pricing supplement (the ""Pricing Supplement"")  and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading  accessing or making any other use of the Pricing Supplement. You acknowledge that you will not forward this electronic transmission or the Pricing Supplement to any other person. In accessing the Pricing Supplement  you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions  including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD  PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING  DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS  YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Pricing Supplement or make an investment decision with respect to the securities  investors must be non-U.S. persons eligible to purchase the securities outside the United States in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S. This Pricing Supplement is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this Pricing Supplement  you shall be deemed to have represented to us that you and any customers you represent are non-U.S. persons eligible to purchase the securities outside the United States in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States and that you consent to delivery of such Pricing Supplement by electronic transmission. You are reminded that this Pricing Supplement has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this Pricing Supplement may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not  nor are you authorized to  deliver this Pricing Supplement to any other person. The materials relating to the offering of securities to which this Pricing Supplement relates do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the underwriters or any affiliate of the underwriters is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriters or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer (as defined in this Pricing Supplement) in such jurisdiction. This Pricing Supplement has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer or Managers named in this document nor any person who controls any Manager  nor any director  officer  employee nor agent of the Issuer or any Manager  or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Pricing Supplement distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from any Manager. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.Pricing Supplement dated 13 May 2024 OVERSEA-CHINESE BANKING CORPORATION LIMITED (acting through its registered office in Singapore) Issue of U.S.$500 000 000 5.520 per cent. Subordinated Notes due 2034 under the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited U.S.$30 000 000 000 Global Medium Term Note Programme This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the Perpetual Capital Securities (the ""Conditions"") set forth in the Offering Memorandum dated 18 April 2024 (the ""Offering Memorandum""). This Pricing Supplement  together with the information set out in the Schedules hereto  contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Offering Memorandum. Where interest  discount income  early redemption fee or redemption premium is derived from any of the Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore  the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the ""Income Tax Act"")  shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest  discount income  early redemption fee or redemption premium derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the Income Tax Act. Pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2022 of Singapore (the ""FSM Act"") and the Financial Services and Markets (Resolution of Financial Institutions) Regulations 2024  the Subordinated Notes would be eligible instruments (as defined in the FSM Act). Accordingly  should a bail-in certificate (as defined in the FSM Act) be issued  Subordinated Notes may be subject to cancelation  modification  conversion and/or change in form  as set out in such bail-in certificate. UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"")  and professional clients  as defined in the UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently  no 2key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Paragraph 21 of the Hong Kong SFC Code of Conduct - As paragraph 21 of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission applies to this offering of Notes  prospective investors should refer to the section on "" Important Notice - Important Notice to Prospective Investors"" appearing on pages 1 to 2 of the Offering Memorandum  and CMIs (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) should refer to the section on ""Plan of Distribution - Important Notice to CMIs (including private banks)"" appearing on pages 429 to 431 of the Offering Memorandum. 1 Issuer: Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (acting through its registered office in Singapore) 2 (i) Series Number: 60 (ii) Tranche Number: 001 3 Specified Currency or Currencies: United States dollars (""U.S.$"") 4 Aggregate Principal Amount: (i) Series: U.S.$500 000 000 (ii) Tranche: U.S.$500 000 000 5 Issue Price: 100.00% of the Aggregate Principal Amount 6 (i) Specified Denominations: U.S.$200 000 and  in excess thereof  integral multiples of U.S.$1 000 (ii) Calculation Amount: U.S.$1 000 7 (i) Issue Date: 21 May 2024 (ii) Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date (iii) Trade Date: 13 May 2024 (iv) First Call Date: 21 May 2029 38 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Maturity Date: 21 May 2034 Interest Basis: Fixed Rate  subject to paragraph 16(i) below (further particulars specified below) Redemption/Payment Basis: Redemption at par Change of Interest or Redemption/ Applicable  see paragraph 16(i) below Payment Basis: Put/Call Options: Issuer Call (further particulars specified below) Listing: SGX-ST Status of Notes: Subordinated Method of distribution: Syndicated PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 16 Fixed Rate Note Provisions Rate(s) of Interest: Applicable 5.520% per annum payable semi-annually in arrear from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Call Date (as specified in paragraph 7(iv)). From (and including) the First Call Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date  at a fixed rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the aggregate of (a) the then-prevailing US Treasury Rate and (b) the Initial Spread. If such fixed rate in the aggregate is negative  it shall be deemed to be 0 per cent. For the purposes of this Pricing Supplement: ""Calculation Business Day"" means any day  excluding a Saturday and a Sunday  on which banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in New York City and Singapore. ""Calculation Date"" means the second Calculation Business Day preceding the First Call Date. ""Comparable Treasury Issue"" means the U.S. Treasury security selected by an independent financial institution of international repute (which is appointed by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Trustee) as having a maturity of five years that would be utilised  at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice  in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities with a maturity of five years. ""Comparable Treasury Price"" means  with respect to any Calculation Date  the average of three Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Calculation Date. 4""Initial Spread"" means: 1.03 per cent. ""Reference Treasury Dealer"" means each of the three nationally recognised investment banking firms selected by the Issuer that are primary U.S. Government securities dealers. ""Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations"" means with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Calculation Date  the average  as determined by the Calculation Agent  of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue  expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount  quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 10.00 p.m. New York City time  on such Calculation Date. ""US Treasury Rate"" means the rate in percentage per annum notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Noteholders (in accordance with the Conditions) equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity of five years as is derived from H.15 under the caption ""Treasury constant maturities""  as displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent) at 5 p.m. (New York time) on the Calculation Date. If such page (or any successor page or service does not display the relevant yield at 5 p.m. (New York time) on the Calculation Date  U.S. Treasury Rate shall mean the rate in percentage per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue  calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for the Calculation Date. If there is no Comparable Treasury Price on the Calculation Date for whatever reason  U.S. Treasury Rate shall mean the rate in percentage per annum notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Noteholders (in accordance with the Conditions) equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity of five years as is derived from H.15 under the caption ""Treasury constant maturities""  as was displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent)  at 5 p.m. (New York time) on 5Interest Payment Date(s): Fixed Coupon Amount(s): Broken Amount(s): Day Count Fraction (Condition 4(l)): Other terms relating to the method of calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 17 Floating Rate Provisions 17A Singapore Dollar Notes: Zero Coupon Note Provisions Credit Linked Note Provisions Equity Linked Note Provisions Bond Linked Note Provisions Index Linked Interest Note Provisions Dual Currency Note ProvisionsPROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION the last available date preceding the Calculation Date on which such rate was displayed on Reuters page ""FRBCMT"" (or any successor page or service displaying yields on U.S. Treasury securities as agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent). 21 May and 21 November in each year  provided that if any date for payment falls on a day which is not a Business Day  the date for payment will be the next succeeding Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt  Condition 7(j) applies to the Notes Not Applicable Not Applicable 30/360 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 24 Call Option Optional Redemption Date(s): Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note and specified denomination method  if any  of calculation of such amount(s): Applicable The First Call Date only  subject to regulatory approval (paragraph (ii) of Condition 5(d)(ii) shall not apply to the Notes) U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount 25 (iii) If redeemable in part: Not Applicable (iv) Notice period: As provided for in the Conditions Put Option Not Applicable 626 27 28 Variation instead of Redemption Applicable (Condition 5(h)) Final Redemption Amount of each Note U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount Early Redemption Amount Early Redemption Amount(s) per U.S.$1 000 per Calculation Amount Calculation Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 5(c)) or an event of default (Condition 10) and/or the method of calculating the same (if required or if different than that set out in the Conditions): PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOSS ABSORPTION 29 Loss Absorption Option: Write-off on a Applicable Trigger Event (Condition 6(b)): 30 Loss Absorption Option: Conversion: Not Applicable GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 31 Form of Notes: Registered Notes: 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 Financial Center(s) (Condition 7(j)) or other special provisions relating to Payment Dates: Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which each payment is to be made and consequences (if any) of failure to pay  including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due on late payment: Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of each Instalment  date on which each payment is to be made: Redenomination  renominalisation and reconventioning provisions: Consolidation provisions: Other terms or special conditions: Regulation S Unrestricted Global Certificate (U.S.$500 000 000 nominal amount) registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream New York City and Singapore No Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Applicable. Please refer to Schedule 2 for certain modifications to the Conditions. 7DISTRIBUTION 39 (i) If syndicated  names of Managers: Stabilisation Manager (if any): If non-syndicated  name of Dealer: Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C was applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable: Additional selling restrictions: HONG KONG SFC CODE OF CONDUCT 43 (i) Rebates (ii) Contact email addresses of the Overall Coordinators where underlying investor information in relation to omnibus orders should be sent: Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. J.P. Morgan Securities Asia Private Limited Merrill Lynch (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited  Singapore Branch Wells Fargo Securities International Limited Any of the Managers appointed and acting in its capacity as stabilisation manager Not Applicable TEFRA not applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable investor.info.hk.bond.deals@jpmorgan.com OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 ISIN Code: XS2823260604 Common Code: 282326060 CUSIP: Not Applicable CMU Instrument Number: Not Applicable Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007O3QFXCPOGWK22 Any clearing system(s) other than CDP  Not Applicable the CMU  Austraclear  Euroclear and Clearstream and/or DTC and the relevant identification number(s): Delivery: Delivery against payment Additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): Not Applicable The Agents appointed in respect of the Not Applicable Notes are: GENERAL INFORMATION 53 Governing law of Notes: English  save that the provisions of the subordination  set-off and payment void  default and enforcement Conditions in Condition 3(b)  Condition 3(c)  Condition 3(d)  Condition 10(b)(ii) 8",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Oversea Chinese Banking', 'Subordinated Notes', 'OCBC', 'Global Medium Term Note Programme', 'EXECUTION VERSION IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'hard copy version', 'OCBC 5.520% Subordinated Notes', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'other destructive items', 'Pricing Supplement Term', 'ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES', 'U.S. PERSONS', 'electronic mail address', 'LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS', 'electronic form', 'OTHER JURISDICTIONS', 'intended recipient', 'following terms', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'MANNER WHATSOEVER', 'FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS', 'investment decision', 'licensed broker', 'REGULATION S', 'OFFSHORE TRANSACTION', 'other use', 'other person', 'APPLICABLE STATE', 'Offering Memorandum', 'Conditions', 'April', 'INVESTORS', 'RELIANCE', 'message', 'information', 'copies', 'attachments', 'modifications', 'result', 'access', 'SALE', 'OTHERWISE', 'ACCOUNT', 'BENEFIT', 'EXEMPTION', 'REPRODUCTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'FAILURE', 'THIS', 'DIRECTIVE', 'VIOLATION', 'GAINED', 'Confirmation', 'Representation', 'order', 'respect', 'request', 'customers', 'delivery', 'basis', 'possession', 'accordance', 'materials', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'place', 'offers', 'dealer', 'underwriters', 'affiliate', 'behalf', 'Issuer', 'process', 'none', 'Managers', 'director', 'officer', 'employee', 'agent', 'liability', 'responsibility', 'difference', 'viruses']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41304,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/274381046/roemer-capital-announces-invitation-to-tender-to-holders-of-cian-plc-isin-us83418t1088-bloomberg-cian-us,Roemer Capital Announces Invitation to Tender to Holders of Cian Plc (ISIN: US83418T1088  Bloomberg: CIAN US),FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  SHARES THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  ANY SHARES HELD THROUGH CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.) ARE NOT DEEMED ELIGIBLE SHARES FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE ...,FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  SHARES THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  ANY SHARES HELD THROUGH CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.) ARE NOT DEEMED ELIGIBLE SHARES FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE ...,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.71,0.25,True,English,"['Roemer Capital', 'Cian Plc', 'CIAN US', 'Invitation', 'Holders', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV SETTLEMENT SYSTEM', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.', 'ELIGIBLE SHARES', 'AVOIDANCE', 'DOUBT', 'LIMITATION', 'PURPOSE', 'THE']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,bignewsnetwork.com
41305,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/102525/,VTB receives refusal from Belgium to unfreeze clients' assets,Interaction between the European central depositories Euroclear  Clearstream and the Russian central depository NSD (National Settlement Depository  part of the Moscow Exchange group ) broke down almost immediately after the start of events in Ukraine.,"VTB receives refusal from Belgium to unfreeze clients' assetsMOSCOW. May 22 (Interfax) - The Belgian Treasury refused VTB's request to obtain a license to unfreeze client assets frozen in Euroclear  the Russian bank said in a statement.VTB sent requests to the Belgian Treasury and the Luxembourg Ministry of Finance in January 2023 to obtain licenses to unlock foreign securities and income from them owned by its clients. These are the assets of investors who were brokered by VTB  and those whose accounts could have been credited with coupons  dividends or funds from the redemption of securities before the transfer of assets.VTB said it would continue to work on obtaining licenses. The bank will specifically consider the possibility of  and is exploring grounds for  filing an administrative complaint against the regulator's decision to a higher authority  namely the Belgian State Council.The bank is also providing support to clients who submit requests for individual licenses  the statement said.Previously  Alfa Capital  Digital Broker and Tinkoff Insurance had received refusals from the Belgian Treasury to unfreeze assets in Euroclear.Interaction between the European central depositories Euroclear  Clearstream and the Russian central depository NSD (National Settlement Depository  part of the Moscow Exchange group ) broke down almost immediately after the start of events in Ukraine. The Russian authorities  in response to tough sanctions  then introduced currency and capital restrictions  and European settlement and clearing organizations closed ruble ""bridges"" and the possibility of settlements in rubles. NSD introduced restrictions on transactions with Euroclear and Clearstream accounts based on instructions from the Russian Central Bank at the beginning of March 2022. In turn  European central depositories have limited transactions on the NSD account.The European Union included NSD in its sanctions list at the beginning of June 2022  which led to the blocking of its accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream. The European Commission published clarifications in early October 2022 according to which the authorities of individual EU member countries could authorize transactions necessary to close contracts and agreements concluded before the imposition of sanctions against NSD by January 7  2023. Russian investors have submitted requests for general licenses to the Ministries of Finance of Belgium and Luxembourg to unlock the assets of all non-sanctioned investors.",neutral,0.02,0.51,0.47,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"[""clients' assets"", 'VTB', 'refusal', 'Belgium', 'individual EU member countries', 'Russian central depository NSD', 'European central depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'The European Union', 'The European Commission', 'Belgian State Council', 'Moscow Exchange group', 'The Belgian Treasury', 'Russian Central Bank', 'European settlement', 'individual licenses', 'Russian bank', 'Russian investors', 'Russian authorities', 'administrative complaint', 'higher authority', 'Alfa Capital', 'Digital Broker', 'Tinkoff Insurance', 'clearing organizations', 'ruble ""bridges', 'early October', 'NSD account', 'tough sanctions', 'sanctions list', 'sanctioned investors', 'Luxembourg Ministry', 'foreign securities', 'capital restrictions', 'general licenses', 'client assets', ""clients' assets"", 'Clearstream accounts', 'VTB', 'refusal', 'Belgium', 'Interfax', 'request', 'Euroclear', 'statement', 'Finance', 'January', 'income', 'coupons', 'dividends', 'funds', 'redemption', 'transfer', 'possibility', 'grounds', 'regulator', 'decision', 'support', 'Interaction', 'part', 'start', 'events', 'Ukraine', 'response', 'currency', 'settlements', 'rubles', 'transactions', 'instructions', 'beginning', 'March', 'turn', 'June', 'blocking', 'clarifications', 'contracts', 'agreements', 'imposition', 'Ministries']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,interfax.com
41306,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://portfolio-adviser.com/wisdomtree-receives-approval-to-list-bitcoin-and-ethereum-etps-on-london-stock-exchange/,WisdomTree receives approval to list Bitcoin and Ethereum ETPs on London Stock Exchange,The WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin and WisdomTree Physical Ethereum ETPs both come with a 0.35% management expense ratio  and are currently listed on Deutsche Börse Xetra  the Swiss Stock Exchange SIX  and Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam.,WisdomTree has received approval from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to list its physically-backed Bitcoin and Ethereum products on the London Stock Exchange.The WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin and WisdomTree Physical Ethereum ETPs both come with a 0.35% management expense ratio  and are currently listed on Deutsche Börse Xetra  the Swiss Stock Exchange SIX  and Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam.Alexis Marinof  head of Europe at WisdomTree  believes the approval marks a ‘significant step forwards’ towards the further adoption of cryptocurrency as a mainstream asset class among professional investors in the UK.See also: Phoenix Digital buys back half its shares in crypto bounce back“The FCA approval of our crypto ETPs’ prospectus is a significant step forward for the industry and UK-based professional investors seeking exposure to the asset class ” he said.“While UK-based professional investors have been able to allocate to crypto ETPs via overseas exchanges  they will soon have a more convenient access point.“FCA approval in this respect could result in greater institutional adoption of the asset class  as many professional investors have been unable to gain exposure to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies due to regulatory limitations and uncertainty – we would expect FCA approval of our crypto ETPs’ prospectus to remove those barriers to entry.”See also: A ‘watershed moment’ for digital assets: Industry reacts to US regulator approval of spot bitcoin ETFs,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,negative,0.08,0.27,0.65,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'Ethereum ETPs', 'WisdomTree', 'approval', 'Bitcoin', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Swiss Stock Exchange SIX', 'WisdomTree Physical Ethereum ETPs', 'The WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Financial Conduct Authority', '0.35% management expense ratio', 'convenient access point', 'UK-based professional investors', 'many professional investors', 'crypto ETPs’ prospectus', 'spot bitcoin ETFs', 'greater institutional adoption', 'US regulator approval', 'mainstream asset class', 'The FCA approval', 'Ethereum products', 'Euronext exchanges', 'Alexis Marinof', 'significant step', 'Phoenix Digital', 'overseas exchanges', 'other cryptocurrencies', 'regulatory limitations', 'watershed moment', 'digital assets', 'backed', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'head', 'Europe', 'further', 'cryptocurrency', 'shares', 'industry', 'exposure', 'respect', 'uncertainty', 'barriers', 'entry']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,portfolio-adviser.com
41307,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-euronext-paris-dividend-stocks-060534439.html,Exploring Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks In May 2024,Amidst a backdrop of cautious optimism in European markets  where the CAC 40 Index recently saw a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable returns...,Amidst a backdrop of cautious optimism in European markets  where the CAC 40 Index recently saw a modest decline  investors continue to seek stable returns through dividend stocks. As we explore Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks in May 2024  understanding the broader economic signals and market dynamics becomes crucial for identifying stocks that not only offer attractive dividends but also stability in fluctuating market conditions.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.13% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.65% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.37% ★★★★★★ SCOR (ENXTPA:SCR) 6.16% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.16% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.22% ★★★★★☆ Teleperformance (ENXTPA:TEP) 3.51% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 3.99% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.60% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.27% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 31 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Below we spotlight a couple of our favorites from our exclusive screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative offers a range of banking products and services across multiple client segments in France  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.04 billion.Operations: Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc Société coopérative generates €505.07 million from its retail banking operations in France.Dividend Yield: 5.2%Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc reported a decrease in net interest income and net income for 2023  with figures at €362.84 million and €175.58 million respectively. Despite this  the company maintains a stable dividend history over the past decade  recently declaring a cash dividend of €2.74 per share due April 16  2024. Trading significantly below estimated fair value and with a modest payout ratio of 30.9%  its dividends appear sustainable though yield remains low at 5.21% compared to top French payers.ENXTPA:CRLA Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Story continuesOverview: Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin Société en commandite par actions is a global manufacturer and seller of tires  with a market capitalization of approximately €26.80 billion.Operations: Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin generates €14.34 billion from its Automotive segment  €6.98 billion from Road Transportation  and €7.03 billion in its Specialty Businesses sector.Dividend Yield: 3.6%Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin has demonstrated a mixed track record in dividend reliability  with payments showing volatility over the last decade. Despite this  dividends are well-covered by both earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 48.7% and 31.6% respectively. Recent financial activities include issuing €497.19 million in fixed-income bonds to strengthen its capital structure. However  its dividend yield of 3.6% remains below the French market's top quartile average of 5.21%.ENXTPA:ML Dividend History as at May 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Colas SA is a global company that constructs and maintains transport infrastructure  with a market capitalization of approximately €5.71 billion.Operations: Colas SA's revenue is primarily derived from its various regional road construction and maintenance operations  including €5.97 billion from Roads France-Overseas France/IO  €3.36 billion from Roads EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Africa)  €2.38 billion from Canada Routes  €2.24 billion from Roads United States  and smaller contributions of €1.38 billion from Railways and Other Activities and €0.47 billion from Roads Asia-Pacific.Dividend Yield: 4.2%Colas exhibits a lower dividend yield of 4.2%  underperforming the top French dividend payers' average of 5.35%. Despite this  its dividends are sustainably covered by earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 81.3% and 58.9% respectively  indicating reasonable financial management. However  Colas has faced challenges with dividend stability and reliability over the past decade  reflecting a volatile track record that could concern conservative dividend investors seeking consistent returns.ENXTPA:RE Dividend History as at May 2024Taking AdvantageClick this link to deep-dive into the 31 companies within our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.Already own these companies? Link your portfolio to Simply Wall St and get alerts on any new warning signs to your stocks.Maximize your investment potential with Simply Wall St  the comprehensive app that offers global market insights for free.Seeking Other Investments?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:CRLA ENXTPA:ML and ENXTPA:RE.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.35,0.42,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'May', 'Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin Société', 'Crédit Agricole Mutuel du Languedoc', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Métropole Télévision', 'Languedoc Société coopérative', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', ""top French dividend payers' average"", 'various regional road construction', 'Caisse Régionale de', 'top French payers', 'top quartile average', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'CRLA Dividend History', 'ML Dividend History', 'RE Dividend History', 'lower dividend yield', 'stable dividend history', 'broader economic signals', 'multiple client segments', 'commandite par actions', 'Specialty Businesses sector', 'mixed track record', 'volatile track record', 'new warning signs', 'conservative dividend investors', 'reasonable financial management', 'fluctuating market conditions', 'net interest income', 'Recent financial activities', 'modest payout ratio', 'Roads United States', 'global market insights', 'retail banking operations', 'exclusive screener', 'French market', 'cash dividend', 'dividend reliability', 'dividend stability', 'net income', 'Road Transportation', 'modest decline', 'stable returns', 'banking products', 'Other Activities', 'financial advice', 'financial situati', 'global manufacturer', 'payout ratios', 'market dynamics', 'market capitalization', 'cautious optimism', 'European markets', 'CAC 40 Index', 'CBo Territoria', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'past decade', 'fair value', 'Automotive segment', 'last decade', 'cash flows', 'fixed-income bonds', 'capital structure', 'transport infrastructure', 'Overseas France/IO', 'Europe-Middle East-Africa', 'Canada Routes', 'smaller contributions', 'consistent returns', 'investment potential', 'comprehensive app', 'Other Investments', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'global company', 'maintenance operations', 'Colas SA', 'attractive dividends', '31 stocks', 'Roads France', 'backdrop', 'May', 'ENXTPA', 'RUI', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'SCOR', 'MMT', 'Sanofi', 'Teleperformance', 'TEP', 'ALEXA', 'Arkema', 'AKE', 'ALPDX', 'couple', 'favorites', 'Overview', 'range', 'services', 'decrease', 'figures', 'share', 'seller', 'tires', 'payments', 'volatility', 'earnings', 'revenue', 'EMEA', 'Railways', 'Asia-Pacific', 'challenges', 'Advantage', 'link', '31 companies', 'portfolio', 'alerts', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,finance.yahoo.com
41308,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_ac137e46-bebf-4093-abd1-697f5e2e4f9e,3 High Yield Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam With Up To 9.9% Yield,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['3 High Yield Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '9.9% Yield', 'Up', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,consent.yahoo.com
41309,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_1d1f5e46-477a-448b-9940-b3a754f25825,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership And Earnings Growth Up To 105%,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Earnings Growth', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,consent.yahoo.com
41310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-companies-high-060401696.html,Euronext Paris Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership And Earnings Growth Up To 101%,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across major European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline  investors continue to seek...,Amidst a backdrop of mixed performances across major European markets  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline  investors continue to seek stable opportunities in growth-oriented companies. High insider ownership combined with promising earnings growth up to 101% can be particularly compelling in the current economic climate  signaling confidence from those who know the companies best.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.3% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 37.7% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.9% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.6% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.8% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company focused on developing long-acting injectable treatments across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €416.65 million.Operations: The company generates its revenues primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech company  is expected to see significant growth with its revenue forecasted to increase by 40.1% annually  outpacing the French market's 5.8% growth rate. Although MedinCell's share price has been highly volatile recently  it trades at 69.2% below its estimated fair value and earnings are projected to grow by 68.85% per year. Despite these promising financial metrics  the company recently faced a setback as its Phase 3 trial for F14 did not meet its primary endpoint  though some secondary measures showed improvement and no safety concerns were raised in the study.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. is a global provider of public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.23 billion.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue through three main segments: Public Cloud (€140.71 million)  Private Cloud (€514.59 million)  and Web Cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%Earnings Growth Forecast: 101.5% p.a.OVH Groupe  a French cloud services provider  reported improved sales of €486.09 million and reduced its net loss to €17.24 million in the first half of 2024. The company is expected to become profitable within three years  with revenue growth projected at 11.3% annually  outperforming the French market's average. Despite a highly volatile share price recently  OVH's strategic hires and expansion into new markets like Canada underscore its commitment to innovation and global reach.ENXTPA:OVH Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: VusionGroup S.A. specializes in offering digitalization solutions for commerce across Europe  Asia  and North America  with a market capitalization of approximately €2.59 billion.Operations: The company generates its revenue by providing digitalization solutions across Europe  Asia  and North America.Insider Ownership: 13.3%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.4% p.a.VusionGroup S.A. has demonstrated robust growth  with earnings surging by 320.8% last year and revenue reaching €801.96 million  a significant increase from the previous year's €620.86 million. The company's earnings are forecasted to grow by 24.44% annually over the next three years  outpacing both French market expectations for profit and revenue growth rates significantly. Despite this strong financial performance  VusionGroup faces challenges with a highly volatile share price recently  which may concern some investors looking for stability.ENXTPA:VU Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Next StepsNavigate through the entire inventory of 21 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership here.Shareholder in one or more of these companies? Ensure you're never caught off-guard by adding your portfolio in Simply Wall St for timely alerts on significant stock developments.Unlock the power of informed investing with Simply Wall St  your free guide to navigating stock markets worldwide.Contemplating Other Strategies?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:MEDCL ENXTPA:OVH and ENXTPA:VU.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Earnings Growth', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'French cloud services provider', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'VusionGroup S.A.', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'OVH Ownership Breakdown', 'current economic climate', 'acting injectable treatments', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'long-term focused analysis', 'promising earnings growth', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'three main segments', 'private cloud services', 'VU Ownership Breakdown', 'promising financial metrics', 'strong financial performance', 'major European markets', 'dedicated server solutions', 'volatile share price', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French market expectations', 'revenue growth rates', 'next three years', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'French biotech company', 'significant stock developments', 'significant growth', '5.8% growth rate', 'robust growth', 'global provider', 'growth-oriented companies', 'Web Cloud', 'Next Steps', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'new markets', 'digitalization solutions', 'significant increase', 'stock markets', 'market capitalization', 'Public Cloud', 'mixed performances', 'CAC 40 Index', 'slight decline', 'stable opportunities', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'fair value', 'Phase 3 trial', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary measures', 'safety concerns', 'net loss', 'first half', 'strategic hires', 'global reach', 'North America', 'entire inventory', 'timely alerts', 'free guide', 'Other Strategies', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'previous year', 'backdrop', 'France', 'investors', 'confidence', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'selection', 'Overview', 'Operations', 'revenues', 'setback', 'F14', 'improvement', 'study', 'May', 'hosting', 'Story', 'sales', 'expansion', 'Canada', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'commerce', 'Asia', 'profit', 'challenges', 'stability', 'Shareholder', 'guard', 'portfolio', 'power', 'investing', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'fund', '68.', '24.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,finance.yahoo.com
41311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_63041ce0-8a48-47b3-8e13-517b25c9403f,Exploring Three Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,consent.yahoo.com
41312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885901/0/en/Evs-Communicates-the-Results-of-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting.html,Evs Communicates the Results of the Ordinary General Meeting,Publication on May 21  2024  after market closureRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),Publication on May 21  2024  after market closureRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGEVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its Ordinary General Meeting on May 21  2024.In total 116 shareholders representing 3 860 045 shares  or 26.9% of the company shares  attended (by proxy and physically) the Ordinary General Meeting held physically at the company's registered office.All the resolutions have been approved  i.e.:- The remuneration report  the discharge of the Directors and the Auditor;- The 2023 annual accounts and the allocation of profits  including a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 for fiscal year 2023 (such dividend is made up  on the one hand  of the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 gross per existing share  paid in November 2023 and  on the other hand  of a balance of EUR 0.60 gross per share payable upon detachment of the coupon 36);- The renewal of the mandate of The House of Value – Advisory & Solutions BV  represented by Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer  as Director (for a 4 years mandate);- The renewal of the mandate of Innoconsult BV  represented by Mr. Martin De Prycker  as Director (for a 4 years mandate);- The renewal of the mandate of Mr. Michel Counson  as Director (for a 4 years mandate).Due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the same day has been postponed to June 10  2024  at 12:00 pm.All documents relating to the Ordinary General Meeting of May 21  2024  including a summary of the votes  can be found on our company website www.evs.com.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Evs', 'Results', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mr. Martin De Prycker', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'live video production systems', 'market closure Regulated information', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer', 'Mr. Michel Counson', 'live video technology', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'entire production process', 'new media productions', 'total gross dividend', 'production teams', 'market requirements', 'new technologies', 'market share', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'remuneration report', '2023 annual accounts', 'fiscal year', 'one hand', 'interim dividend', 'other hand', 'Solutions BV', 'Innoconsult BV', 'attendance quorum', 'same day', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'Liège', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'existing share', 'forward-looking statements', 'The House', '4 years mandate', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'actual results', 'company website', 'public company', 'company shares', '3,860,045 shares', 'Publication', 'May', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '116 shareholders', 'proxy', 'resolutions', 'discharge', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'allocation', 'profits', 'November', 'balance', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'renewal', 'Value', 'Advisory', 'lack', 'June', 'documents', 'summary', 'votes', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '12:00']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885899/0/en/Repurchase-of-Shares.html,Repurchase of Shares,Repurchase of Shares     Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 75 900 of its own shares in the period from 13...,Repurchase of SharesAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 75 900 of its own shares in the period from 13 May 2024 up to and including 17 May 2024 at an average price of €19.63.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €1.5 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 665 060 shares at an average price of €17.87 for a total consideration of €11.9 million.2 427 442 shares were held in treasury as of 17 May 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Repurchase', 'Shares', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'strategic investment unit', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'significant business', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'Repurchase', 'Shares', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '13 May', '17 May', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885858/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-May-15-17-2024.html,ASM share buyback update May 15 – 17  2024,Almere  The Netherlands May 21  2024  5:45 p.m. CET  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted...,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 21  2024  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value May 15  2024 5 161 € 628.21 € 3 242 172 May 16  2024 4 800 € 651.96 € 3 129 395 May 17  2024 5 200 € 647.43 € 3 366 635 Total 15 161 € 642.32 € 9 738 202These repurchases were made as part of the €150 million share buyback program which started on May 15  2024. Of the total program  6.5% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€150 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', '5:45']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOFINA-SA-5960/news/Sofina-Transactions-on-own-shares-21-05-2024-46785615/,Sofina : Transactions on own shares – 21/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   In the framework of the Share Buyback Programme announced in a press release dated 10 May 2024 Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 13 May 2024 …,PRESS RELEASEIn the framework of the Share Buyback Programme announced in a press release dated 10 May 2024 Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 13 May 2024 to 17 May 2024:PURCHASE DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 13/05/2024 1 500 224.66 225.20 223.60 336 991.05 14/05/2024 1 563 226.80 228.00 225.00 354 485.74 15/05/2024 1 500 228.92 230.20 226.80 343 374.60 16/05/2024 2 000 228.92 231.40 227.40 457 841.80 17/05/2024 2 000 227.11 228.80 226.40 454 222.60 TOTAL 8 563 227.36 231.40 223.60 1 946 915.79In the framework of the liquidity agreement entered into between Sofina and Kepler Cheuvreux on 11 April 2024  Kepler Cheuvreux carried out on behalf of Sofina the following transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 13 May 2024 to 17 May 2024.Buybacks of own shares:PURCHASE DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 13/05/2024 703 223.94 224.20 223.60 157 429.82 14/05/2024 700 225.37 225.80 225.00 157 759.00 15/05/2024 2 732 227.89 229.00 226.80 622 595.48 16/05/2024 2 550 229.58 231.40 227.40 585 429.00 17/05/2024 1 300 227.42 228.20 226.40 295 646.00 TOTAL 7 985 227.78 231.40 223.60 1 818 859.30SOFINA SA | Rue de l'Industrie  31 - 1040 Brussels | RLE Brussels: 0403.219.397Listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN BE0003717312) | www.sofinagroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Sofina', 'Transactions', 'shares', 'SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL', 'Share Buyback Programme', 'PURCHASE DATE NUMBER', 'share buyback transactions', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'liquidity agreement', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'SOFINA SA', '1040 Brussels', 'framework', '10 May', 'period', '13 May', '17 May', '11 April', 'behalf', 'Buybacks', 'Rue', 'ISIN', 'sofinagroup']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885594/0/en/FERRARI-ANNOUNCES-SETTLEMENT-OF-ITS-NOTES-OFFERING.html,FERRARI ANNOUNCES SETTLEMENT OF ITS NOTES OFFERING,corporate. ferrari.com     Maranello (Italy)  21 May 2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) announces the settlement of the offering  previously......,corporate. ferrari.comMaranello (Italy)  21 May 2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) announces the settlement of the offering  previously announced  of Euro 500 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.625% notes due on 21 May 2030  with an issue price of 99.677% (the “Notes”). The net proceeds of the offering were approximately Euro 497 million after payment of offering costs and related expenses. The Notes have been admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.The prospectus related to the Notes  dated 15 May 2024  was approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and it has been published on the Ferrari N.V. corporate website together with other relevant documents.DisclaimerThis press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offerto buy the Notes or any other securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended)  and may not be offered  sold  tendered  bought or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['FERRARI\xa0ANNOUNCES\xa0SETTLEMENT', 'NOTES\xa0OFFERING', 'ITS', 'Ferrari N.V. corporate website', 'United States Securities Act', 'aggregate principal amount', 'U.S. persons', 'other relevant documents', 'other securities', 'issue price', 'net proceeds', 'related expenses', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'regulated market', 'Central Bank', 'press release', 'applicable exemption', 'registration requirements', 'offering costs', 'The Notes', '3.625% notes', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'settlement', '21 May', 'payment', 'prospectus', 'Ireland', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'offerto', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'account', 'benefit', 'Attachment']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERAMET-4752/news/Eramet-launch-of-a-bond-buyback-plan-46780936/,Eramet: launch of a bond buyback plan,(marketscreener.com) Eramet announced on Tuesday that it plans to repurchase 300 million euros worth of debt maturing in 2025  with the aim of launching a new sustainability bond issue.The tender is for its entire 300 million euro bond issued in 2019  due to …,Eramet: launch of a bond buyback planMay 21  2024 at 03:40 am EDT ShareEramet announced on Tuesday that it plans to repurchase 300 million euros worth of debt maturing in 2025  with the aim of launching a new sustainability bond issue.The tender is for its entire 300 million euro bond issued in 2019  due to mature in May 2025 and currently listed on Euronext Paris.The mining and metals group specifies that this offer is conditional on the successful completion of its new sustainability-linked bond issue.According to Eramet  the purpose of the transaction is  among other things  to proactively manage its debt profile and extend its average maturity.Eramet shares were down by around 0.2% on Tuesday morning on the Paris Bourse following this announcement.Copyright (c) 2024 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['bond buyback plan', 'Eramet', 'launch', 'new sustainability bond issue', 'new sustainability-linked bond issue', 'entire 300 million euro bond', 'bond buyback plan', '300 million euros worth', 'EDT Share', 'Euronext Paris', 'metals group', 'successful completion', 'other things', 'average maturity', 'Paris Bourse', 'debt profile', 'Tuesday morning', 'Eramet shares', 'launch', 'May', 'aim', 'tender', 'mining', 'offer', 'purpose', 'transaction', 'announcement', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '03', '40']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46778614/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 21-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST21 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 20th of May 2024 it purchased…,"21 May 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 20th of May 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7360 £1.4820 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7200 £1.4720 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.7287 £1.4780The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 646 323 159 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 2 538 1.7320 XDUB 11:12:06 00028908965TRDU1 1 583 1.7280 XDUB 11:12:06 00028908969TRDU1 2 466 1.7280 XDUB 11:12:06 00028908968TRDU1 1 000 1.7280 XDUB 11:12:06 00028908967TRDU1 2 145 1.7320 XDUB 12:11:08 00028909516TRDU1 1 520 1.7340 XDUB 12:19:15 00028909572TRDU1 1 600 1.7340 XDUB 12:19:15 00028909571TRDU1 1 367 1.7340 XDUB 12:19:15 00028909570TRDU1 2 339 1.7360 XDUB 12:59:14 00028909811TRDU1 53 1.7360 XDUB 12:59:14 00028909810TRDU1 2 241 1.7340 XDUB 13:01:20 00028909818TRDU1 2 515 1.7340 XDUB 13:01:20 00028909817TRDU1 2 218 1.7280 XDUB 13:42:43 00028909972TRDU1 2 341 1.7280 XDUB 13:42:43 00028909971TRDU1 2 609 1.7280 XDUB 13:59:09 00028910025TRDU1 949 1.7260 XDUB 14:16:58 00028910135TRDU1 1 427 1.7260 XDUB 14:16:58 00028910134TRDU1 53 1.7280 XDUB 14:40:55 00028910301TRDU1 53 1.7300 XDUB 15:13:22 00028910575TRDU1 2 518 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910686TRDU1 1 309 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910685TRDU1 2 231 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910684TRDU1 1 157 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910693TRDU1 9 925 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910691TRDU1 1 200 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910689TRDU1 1 500 1.7300 XDUB 15:28:45 00028910687TRDU1 4 656 1.7240 XDUB 15:51:32 00028910759TRDU1 2 280 1.7220 XDUB 15:56:00 00028910802TRDU1 28 1.7220 XDUB 15:56:00 00028910801TRDU1 2 381 1.7200 XDUB 16:07:30 00028910875TRDU1 2 239 1.7200 XDUB 16:14:43 00028910966TRDU1 2 559 1.7220 XDUB 16:25:50 00028911156TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.4,0.58,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '646,323,159 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'May', '20th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028908969TRDU1', '00028908968TRDU1', '00028908967TRDU1', '00028909516TRDU1', '00028909572TRDU1', '00028909571TRDU1', '00028909570TRDU1', '00028909811TRDU1', '00028909810TRDU1', '00028909818TRDU1', '00028909817TRDU1', '00028909972TRDU1', '00028909971TRDU1', '00028910025TRDU1', '00028910135TRDU1', '00028910134TRDU1', '00028910301TRDU1', '00028910575TRDU1', '00028910686TRDU1', '00028910685TRDU1', '00028910684TRDU1', '00028910693TRDU1', '00028910691TRDU1', '00028910689TRDU1', '00028910687TRDU1', '00028910759TRDU1', '00028910802TRDU1', '00028910801TRDU1', '00028910875TRDU1', '00028910966TRDU1', '00028911156TRDU1', '7340']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/Evs-Communicates-the-Results-of-the-Ordinary-General-Meeting-46786071/,Evs Communicates the Results of the Ordinary General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Publication on May 21  2024  after market closureRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING EVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading p…,Publication on May 21  2024  after market closureRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGEVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its Ordinary General Meeting on May 21  2024.In total 116 shareholders representing 3 860 045 shares  or 26.9% of the company shares  attended (by proxy and physically) the Ordinary General Meeting held physically at the company's registered office.All the resolutions have been approved  i.e.:- The remuneration report  the discharge of the Directors and the Auditor;- The 2023 annual accounts and the allocation of profits  including a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 for fiscal year 2023 (such dividend is made up  on the one hand  of the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 gross per existing share  paid in November 2023 and  on the other hand  of a balance of EUR 0.60 gross per share payable upon detachment of the coupon 36);- The renewal of the mandate of The House of Value – Advisory & Solutions BV  represented by Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer  as Director (for a 4 years mandate);- The renewal of the mandate of Innoconsult BV  represented by Mr. Martin De Prycker  as Director (for a 4 years mandate);- The renewal of the mandate of Mr. Michel Counson  as Director (for a 4 years mandate).Due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the same day has been postponed to June 10  2024  at 12:00 pm.All documents relating to the Ordinary General Meeting of May 21  2024  including a summary of the votes  can be found on our company website www.evs.com.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Evs', 'Results', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'gripping live sports images', 'Mr. Martin De Prycker', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'live video production systems', 'market closure Regulated information', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Mr. Johan Deschuyffeleer', 'Mr. Michel Counson', 'live video technology', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Liege Science Park', '13 rue Bois Saint-Jean', 'entire production process', 'new media productions', 'total gross dividend', 'production teams', 'market requirements', 'new technologies', 'market share', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'remuneration report', '2023 annual accounts', 'fiscal year', 'one hand', 'interim dividend', 'other hand', 'Solutions BV', 'Innoconsult BV', 'attendance quorum', 'same day', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'entertainment shows', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'Liège', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '600 team members', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'EVS solutions', 'existing share', 'forward-looking statements', 'The House', '4 years mandate', 'one industry', 'unanticipated events', 'actual results', 'company website', 'public company', 'company shares', '3,860,045 shares', 'Publication', 'May', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '116 shareholders', 'proxy', 'resolutions', 'discharge', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'allocation', 'profits', 'November', 'balance', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'renewal', 'Value', 'Advisory', 'lack', 'June', 'documents', 'summary', 'votes', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'respect', 'business', 'operations', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'real-time', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'commitment', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '12:00']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT--5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-May-14-2024-until-May-17-2024-included-46785546/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from May 14  2024 until May 17  2024 (included),(marketscreener.com)   May 21  2024 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 14  2024 until May 17  2024    Implementation of the…,"Regulated information of May 21  2024 // Page 1 / 2 // For more information: www.gbl.comThe share buyback program by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate (until August 2  2024) in the central order book of a regulated market or MTF: 102 039 GBL sharesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from May 14  2024 until May 17  2024 included  as part of:Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 14  2024 until May 17  2024 (included)SalesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from May 14  2024 until May 17  2024 included  as part of:The liquidity agreement: 0 GBL shareAs of May 17  2024  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 9 395 969 GBL shares representing 6.8% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  10.9% of the seventh share buyback program is executed1.Following the decision of GBL to use the safe harbour2 regime for the on-the-market share buybacks in the context of a EUR 500 million envelope  the liquidity contract with an independent financial institution has been suspended for an indefinite period.For more information  please contact: Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head of Investor Relations Tel: +32 2 289 17 72 Tel: +32 2 289 17 64 xlikin@gbl.com adonohoe@gbl.comAbout Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (""GBL"") is an established investment holding company  with seventy years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.0bn at the end of March 2024. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation.GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index.cf. http://www.gbl.com/en/transactions-gbl-shares Provided for in Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 with regard to regulatory technical standards for the terms of buyback programs and stabilization measures.Regulated information of May 21  2024 // Page 2 / 2 // For more information: www.gbl.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'May', 'Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head', 'stable family shareholder base', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'seventh share buyback program', 'independent financial institution', 'central order book', 'safe harbour2 regime', 'EUR 500 million envelope', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'stock exchange listing', 'diversified high-quality portfolio', 'regulatory technical standards', 'net asset value', 'investment holding company', 'long-term value creation', 'market share buybacks', 'buyback programs', 'responsible company', 'regulated market', 'market abuse', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity contract', 'seventy years', 'ESG factors', 'listed, private', 'alternative investments', 'attractive returns', 'sustainable dividend', 'Euronext Brussels', 'GBLB BB', 'ISIN code', 'BEL20 index', 'stabilization measures', '0 GBL share', 'Investor Relations', 'active investor', 'meaningful growth', 'Delegated Regulation', 'Regulated information', 'indefinite period', '039 GBL shares', '9,395,969 GBL shares', 'May', 'Page', 'basis', 'August', 'MTF', 'subsidiaries', 'part', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'transaction', 'Sales', 'The', 'capital', 'decision', 'context', 'adonohoe', 'March', 'leading', 'Europe', 'support', 'combination', 'Ticker', 'No.', 'terms']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-to-Participate-in-Bernstein-40th-Annual-Strategic-Decisions-Conference-46782739/,Stellantis to Participate in Bernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis to Participate in Bernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference AMSTERDAM  May 21  2024 – Carlos Tavares  Stellantis Chief Executive Officer  will participate in a fireside chat on Wednesday  May 29  2024  at 9:00 a.m. E…,Stellantis to Participate inBernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions ConferenceAMSTERDAM  May 21  2024 – Carlos Tavares  Stellantis Chief Executive Officer  will participate in a fireside chat on Wednesday  May 29  2024  at 9:00 a.m. EDT / 3:00 p.m. CEST at the Bernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference.To watch the live session  visit the following webcast link: https://cc.webcasts.com/bern001/052924a_js/?entity=58_OVVQETDDetails for watching the fireside chat are also available under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website. For those unable to attend the live session  a recorded replay will be accessible following the event.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Bernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference', 'Stellantis', 'Bernstein 40th Annual Strategic Decisions Conference', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Stellantis Chief Executive Officer', 'bold strategic plan', 'following webcast link', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis corporate website', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Citroën', 'Carlos Tavares', 'fireside chat', 'live session', 'Investors section', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Wednesday', 'May', '9:00 a', 'CEST', 'webcasts', '2924a_js', 'OVVQETD', 'Details', 'replay', 'event', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment', '3:00']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41322,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-share-buyback-update-May-15-17-2024-46785518/,ASM share buyback update May 15 – 17  2024,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands May 21  2024  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program. DateRepurchased sharesAverage priceRepurchased valueMay 15  20245 161€ 628…,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 21  2024  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value May 15  2024 5 161 € 628.21 € 3 242 172 May 16  2024 4 800 € 651.96 € 3 129 395 May 17  2024 5 200 € 647.43 € 3 366 635 Total 15 161 € 642.32 € 9 738 202These repurchases were made as part of the €150 million share buyback program which started on May 15  2024. Of the total program  6.5% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comInvestor relationsValentina FantigrossiT: +31 88 100 8502E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€150 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Valentina Fantigrossi T', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'Investor relations', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOUAX-SCA-5013/news/TOUAX-availibility-of-documents-shareholder-s-meeting-12-06-2024-46785500/,TOUAX: availibility of documents shareholder's meeting 12 06 2024,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  21 May 2024 5:45 PM YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION Availability of documents Annual shareholders’ meeting of June 12th  2024   TOUAX informs its shareholders th…,REGULATED INFORMATION Paris  21 May 2024 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONAvailability of documentsAnnual shareholders’ meeting of June 12th  2024TOUAX informs its shareholders that its combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Wednesday June 12  2024 at 3:00 p.m. at Châteauform' Learning Lab La Défense  40 passage de l’Arche  92800 Puteaux  France. The official meeting announcements have been published in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on April 29  2024.Pursuant to Article 221-1 of the “Règlement général” of the “Autorité des marchés financiers”  information mentioned in Article R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code is already available to shareholders  in accordance with the applicable French laws and regulations  and under the following conditions:1. the documents and information included in the aforementioned article are posted on the company’s website (https://www.touax.com/fr/documents);2. any shareholder is able to receive or review these documents at the company’s offices  through a request addressed :- either by mail to the head office - or by means of electronic telecommunication by e-mail at the following address: assembleegenerale@touax.com).In accordance with the applicable French laws and regulations  the documents and information mentioned in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are available on the company’s website (https://www.touax.com/fr/documents).TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.2 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX SEITOSEI ● ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['documents shareholder', 'TOUAX', 'availibility', 'meeting', 'Règlement général', ""Châteauform' Learning Lab"", 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'official meeting announcements', 'La Défense', 'marchés financiers', 'applicable French laws', 'third party investors', 'Managing Partners ggasparetto', 'French Commercial Code', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'Article R.', 'Code ISIN', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'June 12th', 'Wednesday June', 'Autorité des', 'following conditions', 'head office', 'electronic telecommunication', 'following address', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'CAC® Small', 'ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'TOUAX Group', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX SEITOSEI', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'May', 'Availability', 'documents', '40 passage', 'Arche', '92800 Puteaux', 'France', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'April', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'company', 'website', 'offices', 'request', 'mail', 'means', 'assembleegenerale', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '45', '3:00', '33', '1 56']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-Group-reports-on-results-of-the-2024-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-46785393/,Pharming Group reports on results of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,(marketscreener.com) Leiden  the Netherlands  May 21  2024: Pharming Group N.V. announces that at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held today  all proposals were approved.The shareholders approved the proposals to reappoint Ms. Barbara Yanni and Mr.…,Leiden  the Netherlands  May 21  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (Euronext: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) held today  all proposals were approved.The shareholders approved the proposals to reappoint Ms. Barbara Yanni (agenda item 4.a) and Mr. Mark Pykett (agenda item 4.b)  upon binding recommendation of the Board of Directors  as Non-Executive Directors for a period of four years.In addition  the proposals for the adoption of the updated Remuneration Policy for members of the Board of Directors (agenda item 3)  the authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or options (agenda item 5) and the authorization for the Board of Directors to repurchase shares (agenda item 6) were approved by the shareholders.A recording of the webcast  presentation slides from today’s AGM  and more details regarding agenda items are available on the Company’s website in the Investor Relations section.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics that are in clinical development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nl,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Pharming Group reports', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Barbara Yanni', 'Mr. Mark Pykett', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'Investor Relations section', 'VP Investor Relations', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'binding recommendation', 'four years', 'Remuneration Policy', 'presentation slides', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'clinical development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'agenda items', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'Non-Executive Directors', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'Inside Information', 'Leiden', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'proposals', 'Board', 'period', 'addition', 'adoption', 'members', 'authorization', 'shares', 'options', 'recording', 'webcast', 'today', 'details', 'website', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'disclosure', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'UK', 'nl']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGAL--5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-prices-EUR-750-million-subordinated-green-notes-46786702/,EDP Energias de Portugal S A : prices EUR 750 million subordinated green notes,(marketscreener.com)  Lisbon  May 21st 2024:EDP  S.A.   informs it has priced today a fixed to reset rate subordinated green notes issuance in the total amount of EUR 750 million  with an early redemption option exercisable by EDP 5.75 years after the issue …,"Lisbon  May 21st 2024: EDP  S.A. (""EDP"" or ""Company"")  informs it has priced today a fixed to reset rate subordinated green notes issuance in the total amount of EUR 750 million  with an early redemption option exercisable by EDP 5.75 years after the issue date  final maturity date in May 2054 and a yield of 4.875% (annual coupon of 4.75%) up to the first reset date to happen six years after issuance (the ""Notes"") .The instrument is unsecured  senior only to EDP's ordinary shares and junior to its senior debt obligations.The Notes will be issued under EDP  EDP Finance B.V. and EDP Servicios Financieros España S.A.U.'s Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (MTN) and application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to official listing on Euronext Dublin.The net proceeds from this issuance will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green Assets  as defined in EDP's Green Finance Framework  which is available on the Company's website. The Notes are intended to replace the Green EUR 750 million subordinated notes  callable in April 2025.Barclays  BBVA  BNP Paribas  CaixaBI  Crédit Agricole CIB  ING Bank N.V.  J.P. Morgan  NatWest Markets  SMBC and UniCredit acted as Joint Lead Managers.This information is disclosed pursuant to the terms and for the purposes of the article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council.EDP  S.A.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['EDP Energias', 'green notes', 'Portugal', 'prices', 'EDP Servicios Financieros España S.A.U.', 'Green EUR 750 million subordinated notes', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'EDP Finance B.V.', 'subordinated green notes issuance', 'Green Finance Framework', 'Eligible Green Assets', 'early redemption option', 'J.P. Morgan', 'Joint Lead Managers', 'final maturity date', 'first reset date', 'senior debt obligations', 'issue date', 'Debt Instruments', 'total amount', 'annual coupon', 'ordinary shares', 'official listing', 'Euronext Dublin', 'net proceeds', 'BNP Paribas', 'NatWest Markets', 'European Parliament', 'Lisbon', '21st', 'Company', 'rate', 'May', 'yield', 'Programme', 'MTN', 'application', 'website', 'The', 'April', 'Barclays', 'BBVA', 'CaixaBI', 'SMBC', 'UniCredit', 'information', 'terms', 'purposes', 'article', 'Regulation', 'No.', 'Council', '4.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Clarification-Regarding-SAR443579-Designation-46778340/,Innate Pharma: Clarification Regarding SAR443579 Designation,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA today announced that in an abstract published on 14 May 2024 for the European Hematology Association 2024 Congress on SAR443579/IPH6101  submitted by Sanofi  it was mentioned that the molecule received…,"Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that in an abstract published on 14 May 2024 for the European Hematology Association 2024 Congress on SAR443579/IPH6101  submitted by Sanofi  it was mentioned that the molecule received breakthrough designation. This is an error. The molecule has US FDA Fast Track Designation  as communicated before in June 2023.About ANKET®ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate’s proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240520624001/en/",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Innate Pharma', 'SAR443579 Designation', 'Clarification', 'Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'US FDA Fast Track Designation', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'European Hematology Association 2024 Congress', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'NK) cell engagers', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'commercial milestone payments', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'one additional target', 'innate immune system', 'leading research institutions', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'multiple tumor types', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'NK cells', 'breakthrough designation', 'innovative approach', 'financial condition', 'US office', 'proprietary platform', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'ISIN code', 'additional discussion', 'Euronext Paris', '2016 research collaboration', 'Regulatory News', 'purpose technology', 'new class', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'net sales', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'actual results', 'license agreement', 'cancer patients', 'advanced form', 'commercialization efforts', 'The Company', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', 'abstract', '14 May', 'SAR443579', 'IPH6101', 'molecule', 'error', 'June', 'development', 'terms', 'manufacturing', 'products', 'SAR445514', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'innovation', 'benefit', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41327,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Results-of-Unifiedpost-Group-Annual-General-Meeting-on-21-May-2024-46787021/,Results of Unifiedpost Group Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - Regulated Information La Hulpe  Belgium – 21 May 2024  9:30 p.m. CET – Regulated Information – Unifiedpost Group SA   a leading provider of integrated business communications  today announced the outcome of its Annual Gene…,PRESS RELEASE - Regulated InformationLa Hulpe  Belgium – 21 May 2024  9:30 p.m. CET – Regulated Information – Unifiedpost Group SA (Euronext Brussels: UPG) (Unifiedpost  Group)  a leading provider of integrated business communications  today announced the outcome of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 21 May 2024.This evening  Unifiedpost Group held its AGM  with 80 29% shareholder participation. All agenda items ( here ) received the required majority of votes in favour of the Board of Directors' recommendations ( here ).In particular  the candidate directors proposed by Alychlo SA did not obtain the required majority at the AGM to be elected as directors of the company  and the majority of the shareholders voted against Alychlo SA's proposal to dismiss AS Partners BV and First Performance AG as directors.The minutes  voting results and presentation of the AGM will be available on the shareholder page ( here ) in the coming days.Contact:Alex NicollInvestor RelationsUnifiedpost Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2023 group revenue €191 million1.200+ employeesOffices in 33 countriesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: The statements contained herein may include prospects  statements of future expectations  opinions  and other forward-looking statements in relation to the expected future performance of Unifiedpost Group and the markets in which it is active. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events. By nature  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that appear justified at the time at which they are made but may not turn out to be accurate. Actual results  performance or events may  therefore  differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law  Unifiedpost Group does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise and disclaims any liability in respect hereto. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Unifiedpost Group Annual General Meeting', 'Results', '21 May', 'Belgium Certified Swift partner International M&A track record', 'Investor Relations Unifiedpost Group alex', 'social security service providers', 'proven track record', 'integrated business communications', 'Annual General Meeting', 'AS Partners BV', 'SME business services', 'financial value chain', 'First Performance AG', 'leading cloud-based platform', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Unifiedpost Group SA', 'Alex Nicoll', '100% cloud-based platform', 'financial services', 'leading provider', '2023 group revenue', 'Alychlo SA', 'other parties', 'financial processes', 'other factors', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated Information', 'La Hulpe', 'Euronext Brussels', '80,29% shareholder participation', 'agenda items', 'voting results', 'shareholder page', 'coming days', 'seamless connections', 'one-stop-shop solutions', 'Noteworthy facts', '1.200+ employees', 'Diverse portfolio', 'wide variety', 'public organisations', 'large internationals', 'payment institution', 'National Bank', 'regulated market', 'Cautionary note', 'future expectations', 'future performance', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'Actual results', 'applicable law', 'new information', 'undue reliance', 'future events', ""Directors' recommendations"", 'candidate directors', 'Unifiedpost Payments', 'required majority', '21 May', 'CET', 'UPG', 'outcome', 'AGM', 'votes', 'favour', 'Board', 'company', 'shareholders', 'proposal', 'minutes', 'presentation', 'Contact', 'Documents', 'Identity', 'administrative', 'real-time', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'mission', 'figures', 'Offices', '33 countries', 'clients', 'industries', 'banking', 'leasing', 'utilities', 'media', 'telecommunications', 'travel', 'SMEs', 'subsidiary', 'symbol', 'prospects', 'opinions', 'expected', 'markets', 'management', 'assumptions', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'light', 'liability', 'respect', 'reader', 'Attachment', '9:30']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41328,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VASTNED-RETAIL-N-V-27316/news/Vastned-Retail-N-Press-release-EN-46781743/,Vastned Retail N : Press release (EN),(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Regulated Information - Inside information   Hoofddorp and Antwerp   16 May 2024 - 07:00 CEST   Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium announce intention to merge    Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium intend t…,"Press release Regulated Information - Inside information Hoofddorp (NL) and Antwerp (BE)  16 May 2024 - 07:00 CEST Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium announce intention to merge Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium intend to merge Vastned Retail into Vastned Belgium  to be named ""Vastned""The Merger aims to generate value for Vastned and its stakeholders  including: Simplification of organizational and governance structure  while continuing current successful strategy; Expected future recurring annual operational cost synergies of approx. EUR 2.0 - 2.5 million; Optimized debt financing; Increased free float and liquidity; One single listed platform under Belgium's REIT regime; More portfolio diversification; Future ability to pursue accretive growthOne listed organization with trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam  with an expected increase in free float and liquidity for shareholders and a more interesting profile for equity analyst coverageVastned will be headquartered in Belgium with a board of directors comprised of five individuals  chaired by Lieven CuvelierSven Bosman will become CEO of VastnedThe Merger is expected to become effective on 1 January 2025  following shareholder approval and satisfaction of other customary conditionsAt completion  Vastned Retail shareholders will receive 0.839 Vastned Belgium share for each outstanding Vastned Retail shareTo mitigate the immediate impact on the cash dividend for shareholders of Vastned Belgium in light of the different yield profile of Vastned Retail compared to Vastned Belgium  Vastned Belgium will declare an additional dividend of EUR 1.00 per share  to be paid to its pre-merger shareholders in January 2025 1Vastned Retail will declare and pay an interim dividend of EUR 1.70 per share in December 2024 (with no interim dividend to be declared and paid by Vastned Retail in August 2024)Vastned Belgium will declare and pay an interim dividend of EUR 2.30 per share in December 2024The Vastned Retail Boards as well as the independent directors of Vastned Belgium unanimously support and recommend the MergerVastned Retail shareholders  being entities controlled by Messrs. Van Herk  Meulman  De Jonge and Niessen and ICAMAP Real Estate Securities Fund  representing  in the aggregate  more than 42% of the voting rights in Vastned Retail support the simplification and strategic restructuring of the group into one listed organization and have committed to vote in favor of the Merger Today  Vastned Retail (Vastned Retail N.V.  Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and its Belgian listed subsidiary  Vastned Belgium (Vastned Belgium NV  Euronext Brussels: VASTB) (together  Vastned and  together with their subsidiaries  the Vastned Group)  announce that they have entered into an agreement (the Merger Protocol) for the implementation of a reverse cross-border legal merger in which Vastned Retail would merge with and into Vastned Belgium (the Merger) together with the payment of certain dividends in connection with the Merger. The combined company will be named 'Vastned' and will be headquartered in Belgium. The Vastned Group will continue the activities in the Netherlands  Belgium  France and Spain with total gross rental income of EUR 72.1 million (reported consolidated gross rental income in 2023). Reinier Walta  CEO and sole member of the Executive Board of Vastned Retail: ""This transformational transaction marks an important milestone in the conclusion of our strategic reorientation that we announced in 2023 in the context of the rising interest rates  increasing yields on retail real estate properties and the abolishment of the FII regime. Since announcement we have made very good progress on the strategic divestments with sales of approx. EUR 126 million around book values  and I am pleased with today's announcement of the contemplated merger of Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium. Following the transaction Vastned will offer all shareholders a more attractive investment proposition going forward."" Jaap Blokhuis  chair of the Supervisory Board of Vastned Retail: ""Vastned Retail's supervisory board is convinced that the intended merger is in the best interest of Vastned and its stakeholders and that it will deliver value for both the shareholders of Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium. I would like to thank Reinier Walta and his team for their hard work and contributions in delivering on our strategic ambitions. With a more simplified organizational structure and a solid real estate portfolio  Vastned is well positioned to deliver stable returns."" 2Lieven Cuvelier  chair of the board of directors of Vastned Belgium: ""The combined Vastned entity will give shareholders a lean platform for high quality real estate investment in the centre of Europe  developing a prudent growth strategy that can offer attractive dividend returns based on a well-managed asset portfolio."" Sven Bosman  operational managing director of Vastned Belgium: ""Vastned is an extraordinary company with a unique asset portfolio  a solid foundation  and a team of highly qualified professionals. Together with the whole Vastned-team  I'm looking forward guiding the new organization in order to create sustainable value for all Vastned shareholders and other stakeholders. The merger is also an important milestone for Vastned Belgium in a year where the company celebrates its 25th anniversary on Euronext Brussels."" Compelling Rationale Vastned believes there is a compelling strategic and financial rationale for the Merger  including: Simplification - Organizational simplification improving efficiency of the Vastned Group with only one listed entity  single management  simplified governance and reduction of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the Vastned Group.- Organizational simplification improving efficiency of the Vastned Group with only one listed entity  single management  simplified governance and reduction of the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the Vastned Group. Operational synergies - Expected future recurring annual general costs savings of approx. EUR 2.0 - 2.5 million due to the structure simplification and unification of the Vastned Group  which are expected to outweigh the increased fiscal costs from upstreaming profits from subsidiaries to Belgium instead of to the Netherlands.- Expected future recurring annual general costs savings of approx. EUR 2.0 - 2.5 million due to the structure simplification and unification of the Vastned Group  which are expected to outweigh the increased fiscal costs from upstreaming profits from subsidiaries to Belgium instead of to the Netherlands. Optimized debt financing - With the combined entity being headquartered in Belgium and qualifying as a public regulated real estate company (RREC)  the Vastned Group will be able to attract debt at one combined level of the organization  leading to more favorable financing conditions.- With the combined entity being headquartered in Belgium and qualifying as a public regulated real estate company (RREC)  the Vastned Group will be able to attract debt at one combined level of the organization  leading to more favorable financing conditions. Increased liquidity and analyst coverage - Potential to reach a market cap of EUR 500M+  triggering more interest of international institutional investors and an expected increase of free float and stock liquidity. A larger and more liquid share capital makes Vastned more appealing to equity analysts and with more prominent capital markets attention Vastned enhances its access to equity and debt capital markets.- Potential to reach a market cap of EUR 500M+  triggering more interest of international institutional investors and an expected increase of free float and stock liquidity. A larger and more liquid share capital makes Vastned more appealing to equity analysts and with more prominent capital markets attention Vastned enhances its access to equity and debt capital markets. Belgian REIT platform - As a single platform under Belgium's public RREC regime  Vastned will be well recognized across Europe as part of the established BE-REIT ecosystem and will be able to benefit from corresponding low-cost capital  taking into account that the FII regime with respect to Dutch property will be abolished. 3Ability to grow - Vastned will no longer be constrained by the sub-optimal corporate structure and  combined with easier access to capital markets  this is expected to enable Vastned to establish a growth strategy and to be able to pursue accretive investment opportunities in its selected markets.- Vastned will no longer be constrained by the sub-optimal corporate structure and  combined with easier access to capital markets  this is expected to enable Vastned to establish a growth strategy and to be able to pursue accretive investment opportunities in its selected markets. More portfolio diversification - Vastned shareholders will benefit from higher portfolio diversification  with a mix of higher-yieldingout-of-town assets as well as super-primeinner-city assets located in very attractive locations. Exchange Ratio and Dividends At completion of the Merger  Vastned Retail shareholders will receive 0.839 Vastned Belgium share for each Vastned Retail share for which no withdrawal right1 has been exercised in accordance with Dutch law (the Exchange Ratio). Vastned Retail shares held in treasury by or for the account of Vastned Retail or Vastned Belgium and Vastned Retail shares for which a withdrawal right has been exercised in accordance with Dutch law shall be cancelled by operation of law. This would result in Vastned Retail shareholders owning approximately 89.1% of the combined company's outstanding equity and Vastned Belgium shareholders owning the remaining approximately 10.9%  assuming no exercise of withdrawal rights. The Exchange Ratio is based on the adjusted rolled-forward EPRA NTA of each of Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium  and more in particular: the reported EPRA NTA of Vastned Retail as at 31 December 2023 and of Vastned Belgium as at 31 December 2023;with respect to each of Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium  the final dividends for the 2023 financial year paid in 2024  the fair value of fixed-rate debt and financial derivatives  and certain off-balance sheet liabilities; andfixed-rate debt and financial derivatives  and certain off-balance sheet liabilities; and with respect to each of Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium  the property investments or divestments occurring or expected to occur in 2024  expected movement in property portfolio valuation as per 30 June 2024  the expected total result for the 2024 financial year  and the interim dividends to be paid in December 2024. In connection with the Merger (and subject to the Merger Protocol not having been terminated in accordance with its terms prior thereto)  the following dividends will be declared and paid: 1 Any Vastned Retail shareholder who votes against the Merger and does not wish to receive Vastned Belgium shares pursuant to the Merger may exercise a withdrawal right by filing a request to receive a cash compensation in accordance with article 2:333h of the Dutch Civil Code. 4Vastned Retail will declare and pay an interim dividend of EUR 1.70 per share in December 2024 (with no interim dividend to be declared and paid by Vastned Retail in August 2024)Vastned Belgium will declare and pay an interim dividend of EUR 2.30 per share in December 2024Vastned Belgium will declare an additional dividend of EUR 1.00 per share  to be paid to its pre- merger shareholders in January 2025 (ex-date December 2024  payment date January 2025) (the VBE Special Distribution ) The VBE Special Distribution is designed to mitigate the immediate impact on the cash dividend for shareholders of Vastned Belgium in light of the different yield profile of Vastned Retail compared to Vastned Belgium. In determining the Exchange Ratio  the EPRA NTA of Vastned Belgium was not lowered with the amount of the VBE Special Distribution. Fairness Opinions ABN AMRO has issued a fairness opinion to the executive board and the supervisory board of Vastned Retail (the Vastned Retail Boards) to the effect that  as of such date and subject to the qualifications  limitations  and assumptions set forth therein  the Exchange Ratio is fair  from a financial point of view  to the Vastned Retail shareholders. The full text of the fairness opinion  which sets forth the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with such opinion  will be published as part of the materials for the Vastned Retail EGM. The opinion of ABN AMRO has been given to the Vastned Retail Boards  and not to the Vastned Retail shareholders. As such  the fairness opinion does not contain a recommendation to the Vastned Retail shareholders as to how they should vote or act with respect to the Merger or any other matter. KBC Securities has issued a fairness opinion to the committee of independent directors of Vastned Belgium to the effect that  as of such date and subject to the qualifications  limitations  and assumptions set forth therein  the Exchange Ratio is fair  from a financial point of view  to Vastned Belgium. The full text of the fairness opinion  which sets forth the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with such opinion  will be published as part of the materials for the Vastned Belgium EGM. The opinion of KBC Securities has been given to the committee of independent directors of Vastned Belgium  and not to the Vastned Belgium shareholders. As such  the fairness opinion does not contain a recommendation to the Vastned Belgium shareholders as to how they should vote or act with respect to the Merger or any other matter. Support and Recommendation by the Vastned Retail Boards and the Independent Directors of Vastned Belgium 5After careful consideration  the Vastned Retail Boards believe the Merger to be in the best interests of Vastned Retail and its stakeholders  including its shareholders  and unanimously support the Merger and recommend the Vastned Retail shareholders to vote in favor of the Merger and the other resolutions at the Vastned Retail EGM. An extraordinary general meeting of Vastned Retail to vote on  among others  the Merger (the Vastned Retail EGM) is expected to take place in the second half of 2024. Due to the related party nature of the Merger and in compliance with article 7:97 BCAC  an ad hoc committee consisting of the three independent directors of Vastned Belgium was set up that issued an opinion to the board of directors of Vastned Belgium in respect of the Merger  the Exchange Ratio and certain other terms of the Merger Protocol. Furthermore  the two non-independent directors of Vastned Belgium refrained from participating in the deliberations and decision-making of the board of directors of Vastned Belgium with respect to the Merger and the Merger Protocol  leaving such decision-making to the three independent directors. After careful consideration  the independent directors of Vastned Belgium believe the Merger to be in the best interests of Vastned Belgium and its stakeholders  including its shareholders  and unanimously support the Merger and recommend the Vastned Belgium shareholders to vote in favor of the Merger and the other resolutions at the Vastned Belgium EGM. An extraordinary general meeting of Vastned Belgium to vote on  among others  the Merger (the Vastned Belgium EGM) is expected to take place in the second half of 2024. Merger Support Agreements Vastned Retail has entered into separate Merger Support Agreements with entities controlled by Messrs. Van Herk  Meulman  De Jonge and Niessen as well as ICAMAP Real Estate Securities Fund  representing  in the aggregate  more than 42% of voting rights in Vastned Retail. Pursuant to the Merger Support Agreements  such Vastned Retail shareholders have undertaken  among others  to cause their Vastned Retail shares to be voted in favor of the Merger and other resolutions at the Vastned Retail EGM. The Merger Support Agreements may be terminated upon the Merger Protocol having been terminated in accordance with its terms. Merger Conditions Completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver  ultimately on 31 December 2024  of conditions (the Conditions) customary for a transaction of this kind  being: (a). the general meeting of Vastned Retail and the general meeting of Vastned Belgium having adopted resolutions to approve or enter into the Merger as well as certain other resolutions in connection with the Merger; 6(b). certain proposed amendments to Vastned Belgium's articles of association having been approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the FSMA); (c). a prospectus having been approved by the FSMA under Belgian law and having been passported into the Netherlands in accordance with applicable rules; (d). no opposition by a creditor of Vastned Retail or Vastned Belgium having been filed or  if filed (as the case may be)  such opposition having been withdrawn  resolved or lifted by an enforceable court order by the competent court of the Netherlands or Belgium; (e). a Dutch civil-law notary and a Belgian notary each having issued the requisite pre-merger certificate in connection with the Merger; (f). no order  stay  judgment or decree having been issued by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction and being in effect  and no applicable rule having been enacted  enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger  any of which prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Protocol; (g). trading in Vastned Belgium shares not having been permanently suspended or ended by Euronext Brussels; (h). the aggregate amount to be paid to Vastned Retail shareholders due to their exercise of withdrawal rights under Dutch law in connection with the Merger not exceeding EUR 5 million; (i). each of the representations and warranties given by Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium to each other in the Merger Protocol being true and accurate in all material respects; and (j). no material adverse effect having occurred in respect of Vastned Retail or Vastned Belgium that is continuing on 1 January 2025. Post-Merger Governance Upon completion of the Merger  the head office and decision-making centre of Vastned will be based in Belgium. Vastned will be managed by a one-tier board. The board of directors will be chaired by Lieven Cuvelier and be comprised of five individuals of which at least three shall be independent. No conclusive decisions have been made with respect to the full composition of the board. Vastned Retail will select three individuals for appointment to the board  subject to FSMA approval. The board will have two committees: an audit committee and a remuneration and nomination committee. Vastned's executive committee will consist of two individuals. Sven Bosman will become CEO of Vastned. A CFO is yet to be selected. 7Indicative Timetable Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium envisage the following timetable: • Publication of common draft terms of the Merger: June 2024 • Vastned Retail EGM and Vastned Belgium EGM: September 2024 • Interim dividends Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium: December 2024 • Ex-date VBE Special Distribution: December 2024 • Effectiveness Merger: 1 January 2025 • Payment date VBE Special Distribution: January 2025 Advisors In connection with the Merger  Van Lanschot Kempen is acting as financial advisor to Vastned Retail. NautaDutilh is acting as legal advisor to Vastned Retail. ABN AMRO is acting as fairness opinion provider to the Vastned Retail Boards. Degroof Petercam Corporate Finance is acting as financial advisor to Vastned Belgium. KPMG Law is acting as legal advisor to Vastned Belgium. KPMG-Meijburg and Animo-Law are acting as tax advisors. The committee of independent directors of Vastned Belgium is assisted by KBC Securities as independent financial expert and Argo Law as independent legal expert for the purposes of article 7:97 BCAC. Webcast On 16 May 2024 at 12:00 (noon) CEST  Vastned will provide a presentation on the Merger and hold a Q&A session for investors  analysts and the press. Access will be available through our website at: https://vastned.com/en/investor-relations.The presentation will be available for download one hour before the webcast here: https://vastned.com/merger-documents/. For more information Vastned Retail Vastned Belgium Investor relations and media contact Investor relations and media contact Remko Bakker Sven Bosman remko.bakker@vastned.com sven.bosman@vastned.be +31 20 2424 368 +32 3 361 05 90 8About the Vastned Group: The Vastned Group comprises a Dutch publicly listed property company (Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and a Belgian public regulated real estate company (Euronext Brussels: VASTB). The Vastned Group focuses on the best property in the popular shopping areas of selected European cities with a historic city centre where shopping  living  working and leisure meet. The Vastned Group's property clusters have a strong tenant mix of international and national retailers  food & beverage entrepreneurs  residential tenants  and office tenants. The Vastned Group's property portfolio had a value of € 1 373 million as at 31 December 2023. Legal Notice This is a public announcement by Vastned Retail N.V. and Vastned Belgium NV pursuant to Section 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). The information in this press release is not intended to be complete. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer or any invitation  to sell  buy or subscribe for any securities. Shareholders are urged to read the prospectus and other materials to be published by Vastned in connection with the Merger carefully when they become available because they will contain important information about the Vastned Group and the Merger. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  Vastned disclaims any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither Vastned  nor any of their advisors assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any shareholder of Vastned who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay. Certain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking statements. These forward- looking statements may discuss goals  intentions and expectations as to future trends  plans  events  results of operations or financial condition  or state other information relating to the Vastned Group  based on current beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by  and information currently available to  management. Forward-looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""plan "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""forecast "" ""guidance "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""possible "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project"" or other similar words  phrases or expressions. These forward- 9",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Vastned Retail N', 'Press release', 'EN', 'future recurring annual operational cost synergies', 'ICAMAP Real Estate Securities Fund', 'high quality real estate investment', 'total gross rental income', 'consolidated gross rental income', 'retail real estate properties', 'solid real estate portfolio', 'reverse cross-border legal merger', 'One single listed platform', 'Vastned Retail N.V.', 'The Vastned Retail Boards', 'outstanding Vastned Retail share', 'operational managing director', 'attractive investment proposition', 'current successful strategy', 'More portfolio diversification', 'equity analyst coverage', 'other customary conditions', 'different yield profile', 'rising interest rates', 'prudent growth strategy', 'unique asset portfolio', 'one listed organization', 'attractive dividend returns', 'simplified organizational structure', 'Vastned Belgium NV', 'The Vastned Group', 'Vastned Retail shareholders', 'Future ability', '0.839 Vastned Belgium share', 'lean platform', 'solid foundation', 'governance structure', 'accretive growth', 'interesting profile', 'best interest', 'stable returns', 'The Merger', 'cash dividend', 'additional dividend', 'interim dividend', 'transaction Vastned', 'Vastned entity', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', 'information Hoofddorp', 'debt financing', 'free float', 'REIT regime', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'five individuals', 'Lieven Cuvelier', 'Sven Bosman', 'shareholder approval', 'immediate impact', 'Van Herk', 'De Jonge', 'voting rights', 'strategic restructuring', 'combined company', 'Reinier Walta', 'sole member', 'transformational transaction', 'important milestone', 'strategic reorientation', 'FII regime', 'good progress', 'strategic divestments', 'book values', 'Jaap Blokhuis', 'hard work', 'strategic ambitions', 'extraordinary company', 'qualified professionals', 'Merger Protocol', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'independent directors', 'merger shareholders', 'NL', 'Antwerp', 'May', 'CEST', 'intention', 'stakeholders', 'Simplification', 'liquidity', 'trading', 'increase', 'CEO', '1 January', 'satisfaction', 'completion', 'light', 'December', 'August', 'entities', 'Messrs', 'Meulman', 'Niessen', 'aggregate', 'favor', 'Belgian', 'subsidiary', 'VASTB', 'subsidiaries', 'agreement', 'implementation', 'payment', 'dividends', 'connection', 'activities', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Spain', 'conclusion', 'context', 'yields', 'abolishment', 'announcement', 'sales', 'today', 'chair', 'team', 'contributions', 'centre', 'Europe', '07']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41329,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Medical-to-Host-Webcast-to-Share-Details-from-its-Up-LIFT-Trial-and-Yesterday-s-Nature-Me-46786024/,ONWARD® Medical to Host Webcast to Share Details from its Up-LIFT Trial and Yesterday's Nature Medicine Publication,(marketscreener.com) Nature Medicine published Up-LIFT pivotal trial results Company will discuss pivotal trial results during webcast this week with company leaders and study principal investigators and participants EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 21  2024 -…,Nature Medicine published Up-LIFT pivotal trial resultsCompany will discuss pivotal trial results during webcast this week with company leaders and study principal investigators and participantsEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces that on Thursday  May 23rd at 2:30pm CET/8:30am ET following a brief Q1 Business Update  CEO Dave Marver will host a discussion of Up-LIFT pivotal trial results with a panel of company leaders  study principal investigators  and study participants. The Up-LIFT trial demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of external ARC-EX Therapy to improve hand and arm function after spinal cord injury.Panelists will include Up-LIFT principal investigators Drs. Jim Guest  Chet Moritz  and Candace Tefertiller  trial participants Sherown Campbell and Jessie Owen  and ONWARD Medical VP Clinical  Regulatory  and Quality Erika Ross Ellison.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+33 1 7037 2246 (France)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 0156 (Switzerland)+44 203 481 5240 (United Kingdom)+1 346 248 7799 (US)Additional telephone numbers availableMeeting ID: 879 5741 2479A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD Medical’s commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.*All ONWARD® Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD® Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical  and clinical research conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy™  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).ONWARD ARC Therapy is targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation designed to be delivered by the Company’s external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms. ARC Therapy can also be delivered by the Company’s ARC-BCI™ platform  which pairs the ARC-IM System with brain-computer interface (BCI) technology to restore movement after SCI with thought-driven control.Use of non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy significantly improved upper limb function after SCI in the global pivotal Up-LIFT trial  with results published by Nature Medicine in May 2024. The Company has submitted its regulatory application to the FDA for clearance of the ARC-EX System in the US and is preparing for regulatory submission in Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting clinical studies with its ARC-IM Therapy  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI. Other ongoing clinical studies focus on using ARC-IM Therapy to address mobility after SCI and gait challenges in Parkinson’s disease as well as using the ARC-BCI platform to restore thought-driven movement of both upper and lower limbs after SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Inquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:Amori Fraser  Finance Directorinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™ and ARC Therapy™  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Nature Medicine Publication', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Up-LIFT Trial', 'Webcast', 'Details', 'Yesterday', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'brief Q1 Business Update', 'Quality Erika Ross Ellison', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'Up-LIFT pivotal trial results Company', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'global pivotal Up-LIFT trial', 'Other ongoing clinical studies', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'ONWARD Medical VP Clinical', 'spinal cord injury', 'Up-LIFT principal investigators', 'CEO Dave Marver', 'Drs. Jim Guest', 'Additional telephone numbers', 'blood pressure regulation', 'study principal investigators', 'ONWARD® Medical devices', 'implantable ARC-IM® platforms', 'non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy', 'external ARC-EX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'upper limb function', 'innovative solutions', 'clinical research', 'VP Communications', 'trial participants', 'external ARC-EX®', 'actual results', 'ARC Therapy™', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'ARC-EX System', 'study participants', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Chet Moritz', 'Candace Tefertiller', 'Sherown Campbell', 'Jessie Owen', 'United Kingdom', 'Meeting ID', 'live event', 'brain-computer interface', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'leading hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'Drug Administration', 'ARC-IM System', 'driven control', 'gait challenges', 'lower limbs', 'Engineering Center', 'Media Inquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'Investor Inquiries', 'Amori Fraser', 'Finance Director', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'past trends', 'company leaders', 'The Company', 'BCI) technology', 'forward-looking statements', 'Nature Medicine', 'US Food', 'ARC-BCI™ platform', 'regulatory application', 'regulatory submission', 'ARC-BCI platform', 'US office', 'arm function', 'commercial use', 'Euronext Brussels', 'future events', 'several risks', 'actual events', 'movement disabilities', 'thought-driven movement', 'SCI Community', 'webcast', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'Thursday', 'May', '2:30pm', '30am', 'discussion', 'panel', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'hand', 'Zoom', 'link', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'recording', 'website', 'commitment', 'combination', 'preclinical', 'FDA', 'clearance', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'mobility', 'Parkinson', 'disease', 'Lausanne', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'information', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41330,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885898/0/en/ONWARD-Medical-to-Host-Webcast-to-Share-Details-from-its-Up-LIFT-Trial-and-Yesterday-s-Nature-Medicine-Publication.html,ONWARD® Medical to Host Webcast to Share Details from its Up-LIFT Trial and Yesterday’s Nature Medicine Publication,ONWARD® Medical to Host Webcast to Share Details from its Up-LIFT Trial and Yesterday’s Nature Medicine Publication ......,Nature Medicine published Up-LIFT pivotal trial resultsCompany will discuss pivotal trial results during webcast this week with company leaders and study principal investigators and participantsEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces that on Thursday  May 23rd at 2:30pm CET/8:30am ET following a brief Q1 Business Update  CEO Dave Marver will host a discussion of Up-LIFT pivotal trial results with a panel of company leaders  study principal investigators  and study participants. The Up-LIFT trial demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of external ARC-EX Therapy to improve hand and arm function after spinal cord injury.Panelists will include Up-LIFT principal investigators Drs. Jim Guest  Chet Moritz  and Candace Tefertiller  trial participants Sherown Campbell and Jessie Owen  and ONWARD Medical VP Clinical  Regulatory  and Quality Erika Ross Ellison.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.Participants may also join by phone:+32 2 290 9360 (Belgium)+33 1 7037 2246 (France)+49 69 3807 9884 (Germany)+31 20 794 0854 (Netherlands)+41 22 591 0156 (Switzerland)+44 203 481 5240 (United Kingdom)+1 346 248 7799 (US)Additional telephone numbers availableMeeting ID: 879 5741 2479A recording of the webcast will be available on the Company’s website following the live event.To learn more about ONWARD Medical’s commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.*All ONWARD® Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD® Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical  and clinical research conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy™  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).ONWARD ARC Therapy is targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation designed to be delivered by the Company’s external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms. ARC Therapy can also be delivered by the Company’s ARC-BCI™ platform  which pairs the ARC-IM System with brain-computer interface (BCI) technology to restore movement after SCI with thought-driven control.Use of non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy significantly improved upper limb function after SCI in the global pivotal Up-LIFT trial  with results published by Nature Medicine in May 2024. The Company has submitted its regulatory application to the FDA for clearance of the ARC-EX System in the US and is preparing for regulatory submission in Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting clinical studies with its ARC-IM Therapy  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI. Other ongoing clinical studies focus on using ARC-IM Therapy to address mobility after SCI and gait challenges in Parkinson’s disease as well as using the ARC-BCI platform to restore thought-driven movement of both upper and lower limbs after SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Inquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:Amori Fraser  Finance Directorinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™ and ARC Therapy™  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Nature Medicine Publication', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Up-LIFT Trial', 'Webcast', 'Details', 'Yesterday', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'brief Q1 Business Update', 'Quality Erika Ross Ellison', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'Up-LIFT pivotal trial results Company', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'global pivotal Up-LIFT trial', 'Other ongoing clinical studies', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'ONWARD Medical VP Clinical', 'spinal cord injury', 'Up-LIFT principal investigators', 'CEO Dave Marver', 'Drs. Jim Guest', 'Additional telephone numbers', 'blood pressure regulation', 'study principal investigators', 'ONWARD® Medical devices', 'implantable ARC-IM® platforms', 'non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy', 'external ARC-EX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'upper limb function', 'innovative solutions', 'clinical research', 'VP Communications', 'trial participants', 'external ARC-EX®', 'actual results', 'ARC Therapy™', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'ARC-EX System', 'study participants', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Chet Moritz', 'Candace Tefertiller', 'Sherown Campbell', 'Jessie Owen', 'United Kingdom', 'Meeting ID', 'live event', 'brain-computer interface', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'leading hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'Drug Administration', 'ARC-IM System', 'driven control', 'gait challenges', 'lower limbs', 'Engineering Center', 'Media Inquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'Investor Inquiries', 'Amori Fraser', 'Finance Director', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'past trends', 'company leaders', 'The Company', 'BCI) technology', 'forward-looking statements', 'Nature Medicine', 'US Food', 'ARC-BCI™ platform', 'regulatory application', 'regulatory submission', 'ARC-BCI platform', 'US office', 'arm function', 'commercial use', 'Euronext Brussels', 'future events', 'several risks', 'actual events', 'movement disabilities', 'thought-driven movement', 'SCI Community', 'webcast', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'Thursday', 'May', '2:30pm', '30am', 'discussion', 'panel', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'hand', 'Zoom', 'link', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'recording', 'website', 'commitment', 'combination', 'preclinical', 'FDA', 'clearance', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'mobility', 'Parkinson', 'disease', 'Lausanne', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'information', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41331,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRTUALWARE-S-A-153642747/news/Litchfield-Hills-Research-reiterates-buy-recommendation-at-10-00-per-share-46778387/,Litchfield Hills Research reiterates buy recommendation at $10.00 per share,(marketscreener.com) New York and Bilbao  Spain  21 May - US equity research firm Litchfield Hills Research has just published a new analysis of Virtualware   reiterating its Buy recommendation at $10.00 per share. The report  signed by analyst Theodore R. O'…,New York and Bilbao  Spain  21 May - US equity research firm Litchfield Hills Research has just published a new analysis of Virtualware (ENXTPA: MLVIR)  reiterating its Buy recommendation at $10.00 per share.The report  signed by analyst Theodore R. O'Neill  reaffirms his ‘Buy’ recommendation and highlights the execution of the company's plan to achieve higher recurring revenue through SaaS subscriptions with the VIROO platform  along with its expansion in the US.He notes that ‘VIROO is becoming a global benchmark for multi-user VR applications and its combination of security features and ease of operation are driving adoption. Virtualware is increasingly receiving larger contracts  such as the recent signing of 12 new VIROO rooms and a new 3-year subscription’.The $10.00 per share price target is based on a discounted cash flow model  which projects the company's potential future earnings. Given the possibility of a global GDP slowdown  the report puts revenue estimates for 2025 at 5.4 million euros.Virtualware was listed on the Euronext Access Paris exchange in April 2023 under the ticker MLVIR. It currently has a market capitalisation of EUR 37 244 million and a share price of EUR 8.20 per share.Headquartered in Bilbao (Spain)  the company is a global pioneer in the development of virtual reality solutions for large industrial  educational and healthcare conglomerates. Since its founding in 2004  the company has been widely recognised for its achievements.In 2021  Virtualware was recognised as the world's most innovative VR company and since April 2023 is listed on the Euronext Access Paris stock exchange.Virtualware's flagship product  VIROO  is redefining the field of enterprise VR  driving adoption by leveraging innovative and sustainable strategies. Recognised for its pioneering approach to immersive technology  VIROO is fast becoming the global reference for the development and deployment of multi-user VR applications in industry and education.The VR-as-a-Service platform is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide  including GE Vernova  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defence  Invest WindsorEssex  McMaster University  the University of El Salvador  Conalep and EAN University.Theodore O'Neill  CEO of Litchfield Hills Research  is a two-time Wall Street Journal All-Star Analyst.Litchfield Hills Research is an independent global equity research firm that provides quality research for institutional investors to companies seeking to increase their visibility with investors. Its reports are distributed on 24 platforms used by institutional investors in the US  EU and China.For more information on Virtualware's investor relations  investors can visit: https://ir.virtualwareco.com/reports/Investors can download the report at this link.Safe HarborThis document is only provided for information purposes and does not constitute  nor should it be interpreted as  an offer to sell or exchange or acquire  or an invitation for offers to buy securities issued by any of the aforementioned companies. Any decision to buy or invest in securities in relation to a specific issue must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information set out in the pertinent prospectus filed by the company in relation to such specific issue. No one who becomes aware of the information contained in this report should regard it as definitive  because it is subject to changes and modifications.This document contains or may contain forward looking statements regarding intentions  expectations or projections of Virtualware 2007  S.A. (“Virtualware” or the “Company”) or of its management on the date thereof  that refer to or incorporate various assumptions and projections  including projections about the future earnings of the business. The statements contained herein are based on our current projections  but the actual results may be substantially modified in the future by various risks and other factors that may cause the results or final decisions to differ from such intentions  projections or estimates. These factors include  without limitation  (1) the market situation  macroeconomic factors  regulatory  political or government guidelines  (2) domestic and international stock market movements  exchange rates and interest rates  (3) competitive pressures  (4) technological changes  (5) alterations in the financial situation  creditworthiness or solvency of our customers  debtors or counterparts. These factors could cause or result in actual events differing from the information and intentions stated  projected or forecast in this document or in other past or future documents. Virtualware does not undertake to publicly revise the contents of this or any other document  either if the events are not as described herein  or if such events lead to changes in the information contained in this document. This disclaimer needs to be taken into account by those persons which may take a decision over the base of this document or to elaborate or disseminate opinions based hereof. This document may contain summarised information or information that has not been audited. This document is confidential and it cannot be revealed or disclosed to third parties different from the original recipients  even partially  without Virtualware’s prior consent.,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Litchfield Hills Research', 'buy recommendation', 'share', 'two-time Wall Street Journal All-Star Analyst', ""analyst Theodore R. O'Neill"", 'Euronext Access Paris stock exchange', 'independent global equity research firm', 'Euronext Access Paris exchange', 'international stock market movements', 'US equity research firm', ""Theodore O'Neill"", 'Litchfield Hills Research', 'cash flow model', 'virtual reality solutions', 'large industrial, educational', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'global GDP slowdown', 'higher recurring revenue', 'multi-user VR applications', 'potential future earnings', 'share price target', '12 new VIROO rooms', 'innovative VR company', 'exchange rates', 'quality research', 'global benchmark', 'global pioneer', 'global reference', 'market capitalisation', 'market situation', 'enterprise VR', 'New York', 'new analysis', 'Buy recommendation', 'Buy’ recommendation', 'SaaS subscriptions', 'security features', 'larger contracts', 'recent signing', 'revenue estimates', '5.4 million euros', 'healthcare conglomerates', 'flagship product', 'sustainable strategies', 'pioneering approach', 'immersive technology', 'Service platform', 'GE Vernova', 'Spanish Ministry', 'Invest WindsorEssex', 'El Salvador', 'investor relations', 'Safe Harbor', 'specific issue', 'pertinent prospectus', 'S.A.', 'various assumptions', 'various risks', 'final decisions', 'government guidelines', 'interest rates', 'competitive pressures', 'financial situation', 'other past', 'future documents', 'McMaster University', 'EAN University', 'VIROO platform', 'actual results', 'other factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'institutional investors', 'technological changes', 'actual events', 'current projections', 'other document', 'information purposes', 'Bilbao', 'Spain', 'Virtualware', 'ENXTPA', 'MLVIR', 'report', 'execution', 'plan', 'expansion', 'combination', 'ease', 'operation', 'adoption', 'possibility', 'April', 'ticker', 'development', 'founding', 'achievements', 'world', 'deployment', 'industry', '40 companies', 'institutions', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'Defence', 'Conalep', 'CEO', 'visibility', '24 platforms', 'China', 'link', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'basis', 'modifications', 'statements', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'management', 'date', 'business', 'limitation', 'regulatory', 'political', 'domestic', 'alterations', 'creditworthiness', 'solvency', 'customers', 'debtors', 'counterparts', 'contents', 'disclaimer', 'account', 'persons', 'base', '0.00', '2025']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41332,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-PR-Veolia-strengthens-its-energy-consulting-offer-with-the-acquisition-of-M-46780562/,Veolia Environnement : PR - Veolia strengthens its energy consulting offer with the acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca,(marketscreener.com)    Veolia strengthens its energy consulting offer with the acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca   ▁▁▁   Veolia  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance divi…,"Veolia strengthens its energy consulting offer with the acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca▁▁▁Veolia  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announces the acquisition of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers. MRC is an energy consulting firm  based in Spain and the United Kingdom and active in over 30 countries.This acquisition aligns perfectly with Veolia's new 2024-2027""GreenUp"" strategic program  which aims to accelerate ecological transformation. It strengthens the energy component of Seureca's business and is fully in line with the Group's objectives in terms of decarbonized energy and energy autonomy for both itself and its customers.In addition to the solutions already mastered at Seureca in terms of water  energy and waste management  MRC brings unique expertise in energy strategies  including decarbonization  planning and design of energy systems  and projects structuring and financing  to meet the challenges of autonomy and energy sobriety of its clients at the national and international scale. The MRC team includes energy engineers  economists  legal experts and data analysts.In total  Seureca's energy division will have a workforce of over 70  and this new offering will cover energy efficiency  renewables  smart grids  energy storage  e-mobility and energy local loops.""This acquisition is an important step in Seureca's development  as it strengthens our energy services and commitment to ecological transformation. Seureca is now an international key player in providing support and consulting services on energy issues for cities and industries."" - Philippe Bloch  Managing Director of the Consulting Engineering Division Seureca.""We are very proud to join the Veolia group's consulting engineering division and to bring our expertise in energy consulting and decarbonization. This acquisition propels our company into a new dimension on the world stage."" - Arnaldo Orlandini  CEO of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers.▁▁▁ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['energy consulting offer', 'MRC Consultants', 'Transaction Advisers', 'Veolia Environnement', 'PR', 'acquisition', 'Seureca', 'new 2024-2027""GreenUp"" strategic program', 'three complementary activities', 'Operational Assistance division', 'international key player', '63 million metric tons', 'useful, practical solutions', 'Consulting Engineering Division', 'The MRC team', 'energy consulting offer', 'energy consulting firm', 'new offering', 'new dimension', 'energy division', 'consulting services', 'international scale', '113 million people', 'Transaction Advisers', 'United Kingdom', 'ecological transformation', 'legal experts', 'data analysts', 'smart grids', 'local loops', 'important step', 'Philippe Bloch', 'Managing Director', 'Arnaldo Orlandini', 'five continents', 'wastewater services', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated sales', 'energy component', 'decarbonized energy', 'energy strategies', 'energy systems', 'energy sobriety', 'energy engineers', 'energy efficiency', 'energy storage', 'energy services', 'energy issues', 'MRC Consultants', 'unique expertise', 'world stage', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'energy autonomy', 'waste management', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Veolia group', 'acquisition', 'Seureca', 'Spain', '30 countries', 'business', 'line', 'objectives', 'terms', 'customers', 'addition', 'decarbonization', 'planning', 'design', 'projects', 'structuring', 'financing', 'challenges', 'clients', 'economists', 'total', 'workforce', 'renewables', 'mobility', 'development', 'commitment', 'support', 'cities', 'industries', 'CEO', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'VIE']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41333,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GIMV-NV-5996/news/Gimv-Acquisition-of-VPM-s-stake-in-Gimv-by-Worxinvest-finalised-46780561/,Gimv : Acquisition of VPM's stake in Gimv by Worxinvest finalised,(marketscreener.com)  The sale of Gimv shares by the Vlaamse Participatiemaatschappij to the diversified investment company WorxInvest was finalised today. All necessary regulatory approvals have been obtained  allowing the closing of the transaction that wa…,"The sale of Gimv shares by the Vlaamse Participatiemaatschappij (VPM) to the diversified investment company WorxInvest was finalised today. All necessary regulatory approvals have been obtained  allowing the closing of the transaction that was announced on November 30th  2023. This means that WorxInvest becomes the new reference shareholder of Gimv  European investment company listed on Euronext Brussels  with a stake of 28.73% after additional purchases between signing and closing.Following the closing of this transaction  there also has been a reshuffle in Gimv's board of directors. Filip Dierckx is co-opted into the board of directors of Gimv and becomes chairman. In addition  the board of directors of Gimv co-opts the following two directors nominated by WorxInvest: Robert van Goethem and Marc Valentiny. A CV of these new directors is available at www.gimv.com.The following directors representing VPM resigned from Gimv's board of directors upon completion of this transaction: Hilde Laga  Marc Descheemaecker  Jan Desmeth and Geert Peeters.Filip Dierckx  Executive Chairman of WorxInvest and incoming Chairman of Gimv  declares: ""We are delighted to start a new entrepreneurial chapter with Gimv in the further development of Gimv  with WorxInvest sharing the same values and investment philosophy with Gimv. Both Gimv and WorxInvest aspire to sustainably maximise value in their portfolio companies. The investment in Gimv is a major step in the roll-out of WorxInvest's strategy that we announced in November 2023. It will form the basis of the direct investment strategy we are building. WorxInvest is committed to driving Gimv's long-term profitable growth. We look forward to working with Koen Dejonckheere and his team to ensure the success of this value-creating partnership.""Hilde Laga  Outgoing Chairman of Gimv  declares: ""We are particularly proud of what Gimv has been able to achieve over the past 44 years. It is with great confidence in Gimv's future that we can now complete this transaction. We are convinced that WorxInvest is the ideal long-term partner to continue this beautiful growth story. We wish the Gimv team every success in continuing 'Building Leading Companies' in cooperation with the new reference shareholder.""",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.66,0.26,0.08,True,English,"['Gimv', 'Acquisition', 'VPM', 'stake', 'Worxinvest', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'Robert van Goethem', 'long-term profitable growth', 'ideal long-term partner', 'beautiful growth story', 'new reference shareholder', 'new entrepreneurial chapter', 'Building Leading Companies', 'diversified investment company', 'European investment company', 'direct investment strategy', 'following two directors', 'portfolio companies', 'investment philosophy', 'new directors', 'following directors', 'Vlaamse Participatiemaatschappij', 'Euronext Brussels', 'additional purchases', 'Filip Dierckx', 'Marc Valentiny', 'Hilde Laga', 'Marc Descheemaecker', 'Jan Desmeth', 'Geert Peeters', 'further development', 'same values', 'major step', 'Koen Dejonckheere', 'value-creating partnership', 'past 44 years', 'great confidence', 'Executive Chairman', 'incoming Chairman', 'Outgoing Chairman', 'November 30th', 'Gimv shares', 'Both Gimv', 'Gimv team', 'sale', 'VPM', 'WorxInvest', 'closing', 'transaction', 'stake', 'signing', 'reshuffle', 'board', 'CV', 'completion', 'roll', 'basis', 'success', 'future', 'cooperation', '28.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41334,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-TRANSPARENCY-NOTIFICATION-46785568/,Econocom Group Se :  TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION21 May 2024TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATIONPublication issued in application of article 14 of the law of 2 May 2007 pertaining to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers the shares of which are admi…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION21 May 2024TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATIONPublication issued in application of article 14 of the law of 2 May 2007 (the “Law”) pertaining to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers the shares of which are admitted to trading on a regulated market and which contain various provisions.On 17 May 2024  in application of the provisions of the Law  Econocom Group SE (the “Company”) received a joint notification of the crossing of a threshold from Mr Jean-Louis Bouchard  Econocom International BV and Econocom Group SE following the acquisition of treasury shares by the latter.It is recalled that Econocom Group SE is controlled by Econocom International BV  which is itself controlled by Mr Jean-Louis Bouchard.This notification informs the Company that on 16 May 2024  Econocom International BV  jointly with the Company  crossed upwards the threshold of 65% of the voting rights attached to the Company's shares.As of 16 May 2024  Mr Jean-Louis Bouchard  Econocom International BV  Econocom Group SE held together 155 580 472 voting rights (of which 148 676 742 for Econocom International BV and 6 903 730 for the Company) of the 239 234 205 voting rights attached to the Company's shares (denominator)  i.e. 65.03% of the voting rights of the Company.All press releases concerning the notifications of thresholds crossing by shareholders are published in the “Regulated Information – Shareholders' Statements” section of the Finance Econocom website.(https://www.econocom.com/en/investors/regulated-information)ABOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom group  which was founded 50 years ago  is a pioneer in support for digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  which focus on developing and transforming the workplace  infrastructure  audiovisual technology and digital signage  cover the full range of responsibilities in expertise needed to carry out digital projects  from the design phase and guidance in choosing a solution to equipment roll-out and managed services. This includes equipment purchasing or leasing  equipment customisation and equipment-related services  as well as the refurbishing of products at the end of their lifespan. Econocom is present in 16 countries and has more than 8 800 employees. It is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes  and it made €2.681 billion in revenue in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comInvestor and shareholder relations contact: eric.bazile@econocom.comFinancial communication agency contact: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZxwlJyYlJmayp2clclrapOYbmdnm2fGbGPIlmpolcvJmWtgx5pjbsjGZnFmnmZq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85914-cp-transparence-2024-5-21-vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Econocom Group', 'TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'Financial communication agency contact', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Mr Jean-Louis Bouchard', 'Family Business indexes', 'Econocom Group SE', 'Econocom International BV', 'Finance Econocom website', 'The Econocom group', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'other releases', 'major holdings', 'voting rights', 'digital transformation', 'audiovisual technology', 'digital signage', 'digital projects', 'design phase', 'BEL Mid', 'eric.bazile', 'regulated market', 'TRANSPARENCY NOTIFICATION', 'joint notification', 'Inside Information', 'various provisions', ""Shareholders' Statements"", 'full range', 'equipment-related services', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'equipment customisation', 'treasury shares', 'May', 'Publication', 'application', 'article', 'law', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'Company', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'acquisition', 'denominator', 'notifications', 'section', 'investors', 'ABOUT', 'pioneer', 'support', 'companies', 'solutions', 'workplace', 'infrastructure', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'guidance', 'managed', 'refurbishing', 'products', 'end', 'lifespan', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'revenue', 'MORE', 'capvalue', 'PDF', '4-cp-transparence', 'email', '65', '2024']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41335,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-shares-week-from-13-05-2024-to-17-05-2024-46781276/,Cie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares – week from 13/05/2024 to 17/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)      PRESS RELEASE     Brussels  22 May 2024  08:30 AM       Regulated information         ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMPAGNIE-DU-BOIS-SAUVAGE-5938/news/Cie-du-Bois-Sauvage-Buy-back-of-own-sha…,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  22 May 2024  08:30 AM Regulated informationwww.bois-sauvage.beCie du Bois Sauvage: Buy back of own shares - week from 13/05/2024 to17/05/2024.Implementation of authorization of the extraordinary general meeting of April 28  2021Disclosure of trading in own shares from 13/05/2024 to 17/05/2024:Date of Number of shares Average price (€) Highest price (€) Lowest price (€) Total gross transaction purchased amount (€) 13-05-24 239 262 2343 264 0000 261 0000 62.674 00 14-05-24 168 262 1071 263 0000 261 0000 44.034 00 15-05-24 195 265 9487 268 0000 264 0000 51.860 00 16-05-24 150 266 1467 268 0000 263 0000 39.922 00 17-05-24 156 264 3974 266 0000 264 0000 41.246 00 Total 908 264 0264 239.736 00Pursuant to Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019  implementing the Code on companies and associations  Compagnie du Bois Sauvage announces having dealt the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated NYSE Euronext Market Brussels. On 17/05/2024  the number of shares bought back since October 2  2023 amounted to 22 758 (1 4 % of the total number of shares) for a total amount of € 5 936 345 01. The history of the realized transactions is available on www.bois-sauvage.be (in the French or Dutch section «Informations financières» - «Rachat d'actions propres»).,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'shares', 'week', 'following share buy-back transactions', 'NYSE Euronext Market Brussels', 'Cie du Bois Sauvage', 'Compagnie du Bois Sauvage', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Informations financières', 'Total gross transaction', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Royal Decree', 'Dutch section', 'total amount', 'total number', '22 May', 'shares', 'week', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'trading', '13/05', 'Date', 'Article', 'Code', 'companies', 'associations', '17/05', 'October', 'history', 'French', 'Rachat', '08:30']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41336,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-RESULTS-ON-Q1-2024-46778435/,Nextensa : RESULTS ON Q1 2024,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION Brussels  21 May 2024  07h30 NEXTENSA:  RESULTS ON Q1 2024 HIGHLIGHTS  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES • Despite some property sales in 2023 and 2024  rental income in Q1 is higher than in the same quarter last year.• Realisat…,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  21 May 2024  07h30NEXTENSA: RESULTS ON Q1 2024HIGHLIGHTSINVESTMENT PROPERTIES• Despite some property sales in 2023 and 2024  rental income in Q1 is higher than in the same quarter last year.• Realisation of like-for-like rental growth of +4.5% in the first quarter of 2024 compared to 2023.• New lease agreement for the Moonar park with Regus (about 1 500 sqm)  bringing the park’s lettings to about 80%.• In early February 2024  the retail property of approximately 4 200 m² on rue du Brill in Foetz  Luxembourg was sold to a local investor at a price in line with the valuation  as recorded on 31/12/2023DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS• Tour & Taxis: of the apartments of the second phase of the Park Lane residential project  60% have already been sold and 7% reserved.• Cloche d’Or: the Emerald and White House office buildings have been completed and 100% let  thanks to a new lease agreement with PwC Luxembourg. A letter of intent was signed with a tenant for the new Stairs office project (9 200 m²)  which has already started. The B&B hotel will be completed in June 2025. Residential sales at Cloche d’Or continue to be delayed.ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENTThe average cost of funding falls slightly from 2.67% to 2.64%  thanks to the hedging policy.NET RESULTNet result (group share) amounts to €7.0M or €0.70 per share entitled to dividends.REALISATION OF SALE HYGGE OFFICE BUILDINGRealisation of sale in mid-May of the shares in the company owning the ‘Hygge’ office building in Luxembourg City to a Luxembourg investor.FOR MORE INFORMATIONTim Rens | Chief Financial OfficerGare Maritime  Rue Picard 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euABOUT NEXTENSANextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value as at 31/03/2024 was approximately € 1.3 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is mainly active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of more than 350 000 m²) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed use district consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new construction. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 m² consisting of offices  retail and residential.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of €445M (value 31/03/2024).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Nextensa', 'RESULTS', 'Q1', 'The B&B hotel', 'White House office buildings', 'new Stairs office project', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'SALE HYGGE OFFICE BUILDING', 'Park Lane residential project', 'Hygge’ office building', 'New lease agreement', 'ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'large urban developments', 'mixed use district', 'major urban extension', 'rue du Brill', 'Cloche d’Or', 'iconic buildings', 'new construction', 'Rue Picard', 'Moonar park', 'Residential sales', 'local investor', 'INVESTMENT PROPERTIES', 'property sales', 'rental income', 'same quarter', 'rental growth', 'first quarter', 'early February', 'second phase', 'average cost', 'hedging policy', 'NET RESULT', 'Tim Rens', 'Gare Maritime', 'investment portfolio', 'Grand Duchy', 'market capitalisation', 'Luxembourg investor', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'retail property', 'DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS', 'PwC Luxembourg', 'group share', 'Luxembourg City', 'total value', 'Euronext Brussels', '1000 Brussels', '21 May', 'NEXTENSA', 'RESULTS', 'Q1', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Realisation', 'Regus', '1,500 sqm', 'lettings', '4,200 m²', 'Foetz', 'price', 'line', 'valuation', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'apartments', 'Emerald', 'letter', 'intent', 'tenant', 'June', 'funding', 'dividends', 'mid-May', 'shares', 'company', 'MORE', 'B50', 'relations', 'developer', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/03', '350,000 m', 'partnership', '400,000 m²', 'offices', 'Attachment']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Treasury-shares-46785505/,Econocom Group Se :  Treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION21 May 2024Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  from 13 May 2024 to 19 May 2024…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION21 May 2024Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  from 13 May 2024 to 19 May 2024  the following transactions concerning the Econocom Group share:Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Averageprice(€) Minimumprice(€) Maximumprice(€) 13/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 8 168 2.393 2.380 2.415 14/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 11 058 2.383 2.355 2.400 15/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 250 927 2.377 2.335 2.380 16/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 522 942 2.335 2.335 2.355 17/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 9 674 2.342 2.335 2.355 Total 802 769On 20 May 2024  Econocom Group SE held 7 436 346 Econocom Group shares out of a total number of 179 045 899 securities issued. amounting to 4.15% of the firm's securities.All press releases about the treasury shares buyback program are published in the section ‘Regulated Information – Treasury Shares Buyback' on the financial part of Econocom's website.ABOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom group  which was founded 50 years ago  is a pioneer in support for digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  which focus on developing and transforming the workplace  infrastructure  audiovisual technology and digital signage  cover the full range of responsibilities in expertise needed to carry out digital projects  from the design phase and guidance in choosing a solution to equipment roll-out and managed services. This includes equipment purchasing or leasing  equipment customisation and equipment-related services  as well as the refurbishing of products at the end of their lifespan. Econocom is present in 16 countries and has more than 8 800 employees. It is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes  and it made €2.681 billion in revenue in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comInvestor and shareholder relations contact: eric.bazile@econocom.comFinancial communication agency contact: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmhsYsppamjFmnBwZJ6WZ2aVaJyUk2eblpOWmWSalZjJb25kx22SmpWdZnFmnmVv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Transaction in own shares (aggregate version) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85909-cp-rachat-d_actions-propres-2024-5-21-vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Econocom Group', 'Treasury shares', 'Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Average price', 'Financial communication agency contact', '15/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase', 'treasury shares buyback program', 'shareholder relations contact', 'Family Business indexes', 'treasury shares buybacks', 'Econocom Group SE', 'Econocom Group share', 'The Econocom group', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'following transactions', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'financial part', 'general meeting', 'total number', 'digital transformation', 'audiovisual technology', 'digital signage', 'digital projects', 'design phase', 'BEL Mid', 'aggregate version', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'full range', 'equipment-related services', 'equipment customisation', 'May', 'shareholders', '30 November', '179,045,899 securities', 'firm', 'section', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'pioneer', 'support', 'companies', 'solutions', 'workplace', 'infrastructure', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'guidance', 'managed', 'refurbishing', 'products', 'end', 'lifespan', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'revenue', 'MORE', 'Investor', 'eric', 'bazile', 'capvalue', 'publication', 'lmhsYsppamjFmnBwZJ6WZ2aVaJyUk2eblpOWmWSalZjJb25kx22SmpWdZnFmnmVv', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'PDF', 'cp-rachat', 'propres', 'email', 'company']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERSEN-9632901/news/Mersen-fifth-blank-mirror-for-the-European-Space-Observatory-s-Extremely-Large-Telescope-46785880/,Mersen: fifth blank mirror for the European Space Observatory's Extremely Large Telescope,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  May 21  2024 - Mersen   a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  has achieved a world first with the delivery to Safran Reosc of the fifth and final blank mirror for the European Southern Observatory's Extremel…,"Paris  May 21  2024 - Mersen (Euronext FR0000039620 - MRN)  a global expert in electrical power and advanced materials  has achieved a world first with the delivery to Safran Reosc of the fifth and final blank mirror for the European Southern Observatory's (ESO) Extremely Large Telescope (ELT).The ELT will be the world's most powerful giant telescope  with a primary mirror measuring 39 meters in diameter. It is being built on the Cerro Armazones mountain in northern Chile  at an altitude of over 3 000 meters  and will usher in significant progress in astronomy (stellar archeology  exoplanet detection and characterization  etc.). Mersen has been contributing to astronomy for more than 25 years  working on such prestigious ESA space missions as Rosetta  Herschel  GAIA and Euclid  as well as NASA's James Webb Space Telescope.The M5 blank mirror supplied by Mersen consists of six silicon carbide (Boostec® SiC) petals coated with Mersen SiC CVD. The six SiC CVD-coated petals have been brazed together in a feat of technological prowess by Mersen. The optical face of the finished piece is smooth across its entire surface so that it can be polished to the required optical quality.The use of SiC  a lightweight  highly stiff material with exceptional thermomechanical properties  is essential to correct the vibrations of the telescope's immense structure and stabilize the image that will be obtained.The mirror  once mounted on actuators  will vibrate continuously to offset disturbances caused by wind and atmospheric turbulence. At 2.7 meters long  it will be the world's largest tip-tilt mirror.Luc Themelin  Chief Executive Officer of Mersen  said: ""I'm very pleased and proud to see our expertise and the collaboration between different technical teams within the Group contributing to projects that push back the boundaries of knowledge to better understand the evolution of galaxies and the universe.""[Link]The Mersen Boostec team around the M5 mirror ready for delivery.Find out more: https://elt.eso.org/mirror/M5/Mersen is a global expert in electrical specialties and advanced materials for high-tech industries. With more than 50 industrial sites and 18 R&D centers in 33 countries around the world  Mersen develops custom-built solutions and delivers key products for clients in order to meet the new technological challenges shaping tomorrow's world. For over 130 years  Mersen has focused tirelessly on innovation to accompany its clients and meet their needs. Be it in wind power  solar power  electronics  electric vehicles  aeronautics  space or countless other sectors  wherever technology is progressing  you will always find a bit of Mersen. We work to constantly contribute to progress  striving daily to improve people's lives and protect the planet. This corporate commitment has been recognized by external rating agencies  Ecovadis (Gold Medal) and MSCI (AA rating).CONTACTVéronique BocaVP  Communication MersenTel. + 33 (0)1 46 91 54 40Email: dri@mersen.comMEDIA RELATIONSGuillaume Maujean / Alexia GachetBrunswickTel.: +33 (0)6 33 06 55 93Email: mersen@brunswickgroup.com",neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['fifth blank mirror', 'European Space Observatory', 'Large Telescope', 'Mersen', 'lightweight, highly stiff material', 'Véronique Boca VP', 'prestigious ESA space missions', 'six SiC CVD-coated petals', 'James Webb Space Telescope', 'The Mersen Boostec team', 'The M5 blank mirror', 'Boostec® SiC) petals', 'six silicon carbide', 'European Southern Observatory', 'Cerro Armazones mountain', 'exceptional thermomechanical properties', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'different technical teams', '18 R&D centers', 'countless other sectors', 'Alexia Gachet Brunswick', 'final blank mirror', 'powerful giant telescope', 'new technological challenges', 'external rating agencies', 'largest tip-tilt mirror', 'Mersen SiC CVD', 'M5 mirror', 'The ELT', 'technological prowess', 'AA rating', 'primary mirror', 'Euronext FR0000039620', 'global expert', 'electrical power', 'advanced materials', 'Safran Reosc', 'northern Chile', 'stellar archeology', 'exoplanet detection', 'optical face', 'finished piece', 'entire surface', 'optical quality', 'immense structure', 'atmospheric turbulence', 'Luc Themelin', 'electrical specialties', 'high-tech industries', '50 industrial sites', 'custom-built solutions', 'key products', 'solar power', 'electric vehicles', 'corporate commitment', 'Gold Medal', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Guillaume Maujean', 'significant progress', 'wind power', 'Communication Mersen', 'Paris', 'MRN', 'delivery', 'fifth', 'world', '39 meters', 'diameter', 'altitude', '3,000 meters', 'astronomy', 'characterization', '25 years', 'Rosetta', 'Herschel', 'GAIA', 'Euclid', 'NASA', 'feat', 'use', 'vibrations', 'image', 'actuators', 'disturbances', 'expertise', 'collaboration', 'Group', 'projects', 'boundaries', 'knowledge', 'evolution', 'galaxies', 'universe', 'Link', 'eso', '33 countries', 'clients', 'order', 'tomorrow', '130 years', 'innovation', 'needs', 'electronics', 'aeronautics', 'technology', 'bit', 'people', 'lives', 'Ecovadis', 'MSCI', 'CONTACT', 'Tel.', 'Email', 'dri']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TESSENDERLO-GROUP-NV-5968/news/Tessenderlo-Update-repurchase-of-shares-English-46785635/,Tessenderlo : Update repurchase of shares (English),(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   Regulated information1   May 21  2024  5:40 pm CET   TESSENDERLO GROUP: UPDATE REPURCHASE OF SHARES   With reference to Article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and Article 8:4 of...https:…,PRESS RELEASERegulated information1May 21  2024  5:40 pm CETTESSENDERLO GROUP: UPDATE REPURCHASE OF SHARESWith reference to Article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and Article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 29  2019  implementing the Companies and Associations Code  and as authorized by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 10  2022  Tessenderlo Group launched a new share repurchase program in early April 2024 for the repurchase of up to 2 300 000 shares of the company for a total amount not exceeding 69 million EUR. As the share price is currently quoted below its book value  as well as taking into account the liquidity position of the group  the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it is opportune to proceed with the repurchase of shares. For more information regarding the new share repurchase program  please refer to the press release published on April 2  2024  accessible on our corporate website www.tessenderlo.com.Between May 13 and May 17  2024  Tessenderlo Group acquired 24 000 of its own shares at an average price of 24.90 EUR per share  for a total amount of 597 567.95 EUR. The transactions took place on the Euronext Brussels regulated market. As a result of these transactions  the company holds 772 950 of its own shares in total  or 0.92% of the total number of issued shares as of May 21  2024. In addition  the company  through its subsidiary Picanol nv  still holds 21 860 003 of its own shares  or 25.90% of the total number of issued shares (being 84 389 759 shares).Overview of purchases  by day:,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Tessenderlo', 'Update', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'English', 'Euronext Brussels regulated market', 'new share repurchase program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Regulated information1', 'share price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'book value', 'liquidity position', 'corporate website', 'average price', 'Picanol nv', 'total amount', 'total number', 'TESSENDERLO GROUP', 'early April', 'to 2,300,000 shares', '84,389,759 shares', 'May', 'UPDATE', 'reference', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Shareholders', 'company', 'account', 'Board', 'Directors', 'opinion', 'transactions', 'place', 'result', 'addition', 'subsidiary', 'Overview', 'purchases', 'day', '5:40', '69']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIAN-TECHNOLOGIES-8023023/news/Median-Technologies-a-World-Leading-Oncology-Clinical-Trial-Imaging-Services-Provider-Becomes-Pref-46785533/,Median Technologies  a World Leading Oncology Clinical Trial Imaging Services Provider  Becomes Preferred Vendor to Another Top 3 Pharmaceutical Company,(marketscreener.com) Median Technologies has been selected as a preferred clinical trial imaging services provider for another leading global pharmaceutical company.Median Technologies is now preferred provider for two of the Top 3 global pharma compani…,Median Technologies has been selected as a preferred clinical trial imaging services provider for another leading global pharmaceutical company. Median Technologies is now preferred provider for two of the Top 3 global pharma companies  based on oncology sales1. The pharmaceutical company has one of the largest clinical trial pipelines in oncology and is a new client for Median. The agreement covers late phase oncology trials for which central image readouts are required. The new agreement highlights Median’s strength as a leading clinical trial imaging provider in the United States.Regulatory News:Median Technologies (FR0011049824  ALMDT  PEA/PME scheme eligible  “Median” or “The Company”) (Paris:ALMDT) announced today that the Company has been selected as preferred vendor by a Top 3 pharmaceutical company  adding another one of the largest global pharmaceutical companies to its client portfolio. Median Technologies is now preferred provider for two of the Top 3 pharma companies  based on oncology sales2.The Master Service Agreement (MSA) came after an in-depth selection process. The new client has one of the largest oncology pipelines in the world and presents one of the highest R&D to revenue ratios in the pharmaceutical industry3. Median will manage central image reads for late phase clinical trials in the client’s oncology pipeline. The MSA is a recognition of Median’s performance  quality  and competitiveness for imaging services worldwide.Fredrik Brag  CEO and Founder of Median Technologies said: “Median’s’ iCRO services are best-in-class and recognized as such worldwide. The agreement will ensure stable future bookings and revenues growth for Median  while the Top 3 pharmaceutical company will benefit from improved operational execution using the best technology available in the market. Our recognized expertise in AI applied to medical images  has been a strong technology differentiator during the diverse phases of the negotiation; it represents a unique asset compared to the standard offering of our competitors as well as a major trigger for the acceleration of growth opportunities for our Company  in the era of precision medicine.”Nicolas Dano  COO & CCO iCRO  added: “The new preferred vendor agreement significantly strengthens our position in the United States. It is the result of our investments to deliver top-tier best-in-class imaging services  our commitment to achieving customer satisfaction  and the wealth of experience acquired in supporting sponsors with their regulatory filings. With the combination of our two offerings  iSee® for central image reads  and Imaging Lab  iCRO’s unique AI-powered imaging offering  we cover a very wide and unique spectrum of imaging services for the pharma industry  from standard image reads to advanced imaging services using cutting edge AI-based technologies. We are proud to support the pharma industry in bringing the next generation of life-saving oncology drugs to market”.About Median Technologies: Pioneering in innovative imaging solutions and services  Median Technologies harnesses cutting-edge AI to elevate the accuracy of early cancer diagnoses and cancer treatments. Median's offerings  including iCRO for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and eyonis™  AI/ML tech-based suite of software as medical devices (SaMD)  empower biopharmaceutical entities and clinicians to advance patient care and expedite novel therapies. The French-based company  with a presence in the U.S. and China  is listed on the Euronext Growth stock exchange (ISIN: FR0011049824  ticker: ALMDT). Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME). For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com______________________________1 Arjun Murthy – Top 15 biopharma companies by Oncology Sales in 20232 Arjun Murthy – Top 15 biopharma companies by Oncology Sales in 20233 Update: April 30  2024: https://www.drugdiscoverytrends.com/top-pharma-companies-2023-rd-spend/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521481552/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['World Leading Oncology Clinical Trial Imaging Services Provider', 'Top 3 Pharmaceutical Company', 'Median Technologies', 'Vendor', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'preferred clinical trial imaging services provider', 'leading clinical trial imaging provider', 'largest clinical trial pipelines', 'late phase clinical trials', 'Euronext Growth stock exchange', 'cutting edge AI-based technologies', 'largest global pharmaceutical companies', 'leading global pharmaceutical company', 'late phase oncology trials', 'Top 3 global pharma companies', 'The Master Service Agreement', 'unique AI-powered imaging offering', 'new preferred vendor agreement', 'Top 15 biopharma companies', 'largest oncology pipelines', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'Top 3 pharma companies', 'advanced imaging services', 'central image readouts', 'depth selection process', 'highest R&D', 'central image reads', 'stable future bookings', 'AI/ML tech-based suite', 'strong technology differentiator', 'standard image reads', 'early cancer diagnoses', 'Top 3 pharmaceutical company', 'medical image analysis', 'life-saving oncology drugs', 'class imaging services', 'PEA/PME scheme', 'standard offering', 'Imaging Lab', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'The Company', 'new agreement', 'pharma industry', 'revenues growth', 'unique asset', 'growth opportunities', 'unique spectrum', 'best technology', 'cancer treatments', 'medical images', 'medical devices', 'oncology sales', 'new client', 'French-based company', 'iCRO services', 'The MSA', 'United States', 'Regulatory News', 'revenue ratios', 'Fredrik Brag', 'operational execution', 'recognized expertise', 'diverse phases', 'major trigger', 'precision medicine', 'Nicolas Dano', 'customer satisfaction', 'regulatory filings', 'next generation', 'biopharmaceutical entities', 'patient care', 'novel therapies', 'U.S.', '1 Arjun Murthy', 'source version', 'client portfolio', 'Median Technologies', 'CCO iCRO', 'two offerings', 'cutting-edge AI', 'strength', 'ALMDT', 'Paris', 'world', 'recognition', 'performance', 'quality', 'competitiveness', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'market', 'negotiation', 'competitors', 'acceleration', 'COO', 'position', 'result', 'investments', 'commitment', 'wealth', 'experience', 'sponsors', 'combination', 'iSee', 'wide', 'accuracy', 'management', 'eyonis™', 'software', 'SaMD', 'clinicians', 'presence', 'China', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'PEA-PME', 'information', 'mediantechnologies', '3 Update', 'April', 'drugdiscoverytrends', 'rd-spend', 'businesswire']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/XILAM-ANIMATION-5124/news/Xilam-Animation-Dives-into-Greenlight-for-Submarine-Jim-46785530/,Xilam Animation Dives into Greenlight for Submarine Jim,(marketscreener.com) Secures First Pre-Sales for New Adventure Comedy with France Télévisions and Super RTLhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/XILAM-ANIMATION-5124/news/Xilam-Animation-Dives-into-Greenlight-for-Submarine-Jim-46785530/?utm_medium=RSS…,Secures First Pre-Sales for New Adventure Comedy with France Télévisions and Super RTLRegulatory News:Academy Award®-nominated French animation studio Xilam Animation (Paris:XIL) has greenlit its brand new adventure comedy Submarine Jim  following the signing of its first pre-sales for the series with European broadcasters France Télévisions (France) and Super RTL (Germany). Xilam Animation is now commencing production on the 52 x 11’ 2D animation  which targets kids aged 6-9 years old and is set to be delivered by Q2 2026.Submarine Jim  created by Frédéric Martin – the acclaimed director behind Xilam’s hit preschool series Oggy Oggy – delves into the tale of a naive  young dolphin named Jim. Tasked with steering the world’s first-ever submarine on wheels  Jim leads a motley crew of underwater friends on a whirlwind journey across land and sea.Their water-filled tube has left the ocean to seek out the pristine waters of ‘Fishland’Luckily  with no set route in sight  their journey promises to be a long and winding one. Along the way  as they embark on their mission and navigate plenty of twists  Jim will be teared down between his captain responsibilities and fun times with his best friends: Bianca  the daring orca and the ever-reliable ship steward  Cyril the anchovy. Together  they navigate the choppy waters of friendship and self-discovery.Marc du Pontavice  Chairman and CEO at Xilam Animation said: “We’re excited to be working with the highly talented Fred Martin once again – he has a remarkable track record in crafting comedy for global audiences  and we all instantly loved his concept for Submarine Jim. It’s a pure  laugh-out-loud funny series that builds on our long-standing experience in the comedy space  and we know it will appeal to kids and families all over the world. We’re also thrilled to have the trust of our long-term partners France Télévisions and Super RTL and for them to be joining us on this new adventure – which will bring unforgettable experiences and surprises galore for Jim and audiences alike”About XilamA major player in animation  Xilam is an integrated studio founded in 1999 that creates  produces and distributes original programmes in more than 190 countries for both children and adult audiences. Xilam content is broadcast on television  and is also available on SVoD platforms including Netflix  Disney+  Amazon and Universal+ and AVoD streaming platforms including YouTube and Facebook.With its creativity and capacity for innovation recognised worldwide  its unique expertise in CGI  as well as editorial and commercial expertise at the cutting edge of its industry  Xilam is positioned as a key player of the market. Each year  Xilam builds real successes and capitalises on its powerful historical brands including Oggy and the Cockroaches  Zig & Sharko and Chicky  as well as new properties such as Oggy Oggy for a preschool audience  Mr Magoo and Karate Sheep  and Academy Award® nominated adult feature film I Lost My Body. Xilam’s expanding and strong catalogue now consists of over 2 800 episodes and three feature films.Xilam employs more than 500 individuals  including 400 artists  across its studios in Paris  Angoulême in France and Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam. Xilam was ranked France's leading animation studio for the 2018-2022 period in a report by the French national centre for cinema and animation (CNC).Xilam is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment C - PEA - SRD long Eligibility.ISIN: FR0004034072  Symbol: XILFor more information  visit www.xilam.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521416645/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.02,True,English,"['Xilam Animation', 'Submarine Jim', 'Greenlight', 'brand new adventure comedy Submarine Jim', 'Frédéric Martin', 'France Télévisions', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'talented Fred Martin', 'naive, young dolphin', 'reliable ship steward', 'Marc du Pontavice', 'remarkable track record', 'powerful historical brands', 'three feature films', 'Ho Chi Minh', 'French national centre', 'AVoD streaming platforms', 'adult feature film', '52 x 11’ 2D animation', 'Academy Award®-nominated', 'loud funny series', 'SRD long Eligibility', 'French animation studio', 'leading animation studio', 'new properties', 'ever submarine', 'comedy space', 'integrated studio', 'SVoD platforms', 'adult audiences', 'First Pre-Sales', 'Super RTL', 'Regulatory News', 'European broadcasters', 'preschool series', 'motley crew', 'underwater friends', 'water-filled tube', 'pristine waters', 'captain responsibilities', 'fun times', 'best friends', 'daring orca', 'choppy waters', 'pure, laugh', 'standing experience', 'long-term partners', 'unforgettable experiences', 'major player', 'original programmes', 'unique expertise', 'commercial expertise', 'cutting edge', 'key player', 'real successes', 'preschool audience', 'Mr Magoo', 'Karate Sheep', 'strong catalogue', 'Angoulême', '2018-2022 period', 'source version', 'global audiences', 'Oggy Oggy', 'whirlwind journey', 'Xilam Animation', 'Xilam content', 'signing', 'Germany', 'production', 'kids', 'Q2', 'director', 'hit', 'world', 'wheels', 'land', 'sea', 'ocean', 'set', 'route', 'sight', 'winding', 'way', 'mission', 'plenty', 'twists', 'Bianca', 'Cyril', 'anchovy', 'friendship', 'self-discovery', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'concept', 'families', 'trust', 'surprises', '190 countries', 'children', 'television', 'Netflix', 'Disney+', 'Amazon', 'Universal+', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'creativity', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'CGI', 'editorial', 'industry', 'market', 'Cockroaches', 'Zig', 'Sharko', 'Chicky', 'Body', 'expanding', '2,800 episodes', '500 individuals', '400 artists', 'studios', 'Vietnam', 'report', 'cinema', 'CNC', 'ISIN', 'Symbol', 'information', 'businesswire']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/xilam-animation-dives-into-greenlight-for-submarine-jim-93CH-3450400,Xilam Animation Dives into Greenlight for Submarine Jim By Investing.com,Xilam Animation Dives into Greenlight for Submarine Jim,Secures First Pre-Sales for New Adventure Comedy with France TÃ©lÃ©visions and Super RTLPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Academy Award ®-nominated French animation studio Xilam Animation (Paris:XIL) has greenlit its brand new adventure comedy Submarine Jim  following the signing of its first pre-sales for the series with European broadcasters France TÃ©lÃ©visions (France) and Super RTL (Germany). Xilam Animation is now commencing production on the 52 x 11' 2D animation  which targets kids aged 6-9 years old and is set to be delivered by Q2 2026.Submarine Jim  created by FrÃ©dÃ©ric Martin “ the acclaimed director behind Xilam's hit preschool series Oggy Oggy “ delves into the tale of a naive  young dolphin named Jim. Tasked with steering the world's first-ever submarine on wheels  Jim leads a motley crew of underwater friends on a whirlwind journey across land and sea.Their water-filled tube has left the ocean to seek out the pristine waters of ˜Fishland'Luckily  with no set route in sight  their journey promises to be a long and winding one. Along the way  as they embark on their mission and navigate plenty of twists  Jim will be teared down between his captain responsibilities and fun times with his best friends: Bianca  the daring orca and the ever-reliable ship steward  Cyril the anchovy. Together  they navigate the choppy waters of friendship and self-discovery.Marc du Pontavice  Chairman and CEO at Xilam Animation said: We're excited to be working with the highly talented Fred Martin once again “ he has a remarkable track record in crafting comedy for global audiences  and we all instantly loved his concept for Submarine Jim. It's a pure  laugh-out-loud funny series that builds on our long-standing experience in the comedy space  and we know it will appeal to kids and families all over the world. We're also thrilled to have the trust of our long-term partners France TÃ©lÃ©visions and Super RTL and for them to be joining us on this new adventure “ which will bring unforgettable experiences and surprises galore for Jim and audiences alikeAbout XilamA major player in animation  Xilam is an integrated studio founded in 1999 that creates  produces and distributes original programmes in more than 190 countries for both children and adult audiences. Xilam content is broadcast on television  and is also available on SVoD platforms including Netflix (NASDAQ: )  Disney+  Amazon (NASDAQ: ) and Universal+ and AVoD streaming platforms including YouTube and Facebook (NASDAQ: ).With its creativity and capacity for innovation recognised worldwide  its unique expertise in CGI  as well as editorial and commercial expertise at the cutting edge of its industry  Xilam is positioned as a key player of the market. Each year  Xilam builds real successes and capitalises on its powerful historical brands including Oggy and the Cockroaches  Zig & Sharko and Chicky  as well as new properties such as Oggy Oggy for a preschool audience  Mr Magoo and Karate Sheep  and Academy Award ® nominated adult feature film I Lost My Body. Xilam's expanding and strong catalogue now consists of over 2 800 episodes and three feature films.Xilam employs more than 500 individuals  including 400 artists  across its studios in Paris  AngoulÃªme in France and Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam. Xilam was ranked France's leading animation studio for the 2018-2022 period in a report by the French national centre for cinema and animation (CNC).Xilam is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment C - PEA - SRD long Eligibility.ISIN: FR0004034072  Symbol: XILFor more information  visit www.xilam.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521416645/en/Marc du Pontavice “ Chairman and CEOCÃ©cile Haimet - CFOPhone: +33 1 40 18 72 00The DDA Groupxilam@ddapr.comCharlotte Newcombe “ Phone +44 7726 901 129Image Sept Agencyxilam@image7.frKarine Allouis (Media Relations) “ Phone +33 1 53 70 74 81Laurent Poinsot (Investor Relations) “ Phone +33 1 53 70 74 77Source: Xilam Animation,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Xilam Animation', 'Submarine Jim', 'Greenlight', 'Investing', 'com', 'brand new adventure comedy Submarine Jim', 'FrÃ©dÃ©ric Martin', 'France TÃ©lÃ©visions', 'The DDA Group xilam', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Image Sept Agency xilam', 'talented Fred Martin', 'CÃ©cile Haimet', 'naive, young dolphin', 'reliable ship steward', 'Marc du Pontavice', 'remarkable track record', 'powerful historical brands', 'three feature films', 'Ho Chi Minh', 'French national centre', 'AVoD streaming platforms', 'adult feature film', ""52 x 11' 2D animation"", 'loud funny series', 'SRD long Eligibility', 'French animation studio', 'leading animation studio', 'new properties', 'ever submarine', 'comedy space', 'integrated studio', 'SVoD platforms', 'adult audiences', 'First Pre-Sales', 'Super RTL', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Academy Award', 'European broadcasters', 'preschool series', 'motley crew', 'underwater friends', 'water-filled tube', 'pristine waters', 'captain responsibilities', 'fun times', 'best friends', 'daring orca', 'choppy waters', 'pure, laugh', 'standing experience', 'long-term partners', 'unforgettable experiences', 'major player', 'original programmes', 'unique expertise', 'commercial expertise', 'cutting edge', 'key player', 'real successes', 'preschool audience', 'Mr Magoo', 'Karate Sheep', 'strong catalogue', 'AngoulÃªme', '2018-2022 period', 'Charlotte Newcombe', 'Karine Allouis', 'Media Relations', 'Laurent Poinsot', 'Investor Relations', 'Xilam Animation', 'global audiences', 'Xilam content', 'Oggy Oggy', 'whirlwind journey', 'source version', 'signing', 'Germany', 'production', 'kids', 'Q2', 'acclaimed', 'director', 'hit', 'world', 'wheels', 'land', 'sea', 'ocean', 'route', 'sight', 'winding', 'way', 'mission', 'plenty', 'twists', 'Bianca', 'Cyril', 'anchovy', 'friendship', 'self-discovery', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'concept', 'families', 'trust', 'surprises', '190 countries', 'children', 'television', 'Netflix', 'NASDAQ', 'Disney', 'Amazon', 'Universal+', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'creativity', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'CGI', 'editorial', 'industry', 'market', 'Cockroaches', 'Zig', 'Sharko', 'Chicky', 'Body', 'expanding', '2,800 episodes', '500 individuals', '400 artists', 'studios', 'Vietnam', 'report', 'cinema', 'CNC', 'ISIN', 'Symbol', 'information', 'businesswire', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'ddapr']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Environnement-strengthens-its-energy-consulting-offer-with-the-acquisition-of-MRC-Consultan-46780477/,Veolia Environnement : strengthens its energy consulting offer with the acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca,(marketscreener.com)   PDF   Press release: May 21  2024 - Energy : Acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca       Veolia  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announ…,"Veolia  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announces the acquisition of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers. MRC is an energy consulting firm  based in Spain and the United Kingdom and active in over 30 countries.This acquisition aligns perfectly with Veolia's new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program  which aims to accelerate ecological transformation. It strengthens the energy component of Seureca's business and is fully in line with the Group's objectives in terms of decarbonized energy and energy autonomy for both itself and its customers.In addition to the solutions already mastered at Seureca in terms of water  energy and waste management  MRC brings unique expertise in energy strategies  including decarbonization  planning and design of energy systems  and projects structuring and financing  to meet the challenges of autonomy and energy sobriety of its clients at the national and international scale. The MRC team includes energy engineers  economists  legal experts and data analysts.In total  Seureca's energy division will have a workforce of over 70  and this new offering will cover energy efficiency  renewables  smart grids  energy storage  e-mobility and energy local loops.""This acquisition is an important step in Seureca's development  as it strengthens our energy services and commitment to ecological transformation. Seureca is now an international key player in providing support and consulting services on energy issues for cities and industries."" - Philippe Bloch  Managing Director of the Consulting Engineering Division Seureca.""We are very proud to join the Veolia group's consulting engineering division and to bring our expertise in energy consulting and decarbonization. This acquisition propels our company into a new dimension on the world stage."" - Arnaldo Orlandini  CEO of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers.Veolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023.Seureca is the Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance Division of Veolia group. Seureca's experts design solutions for public authorities  industries  and the tertiary sector to meet the challenges of access to essential services  sustainable resource management  environmental protection  and performance improvement. Our teams are actively involved from the initial concept phase to operational implementation including a variety of services covering audits and studies  design and works supervision  strategic and operational assistance  as well as training and skills transfer. As of 2023  Seureca has over 300 employees and generates a turnover of €39 million. www.seureca.veolia.com www.seureca.veolia.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['energy consulting offer', 'Veolia Environnement', 'MRC Consultants', 'Transaction Advisers', 'acquisition', 'Seureca', 'new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program', 'three complementary activities', 'initial concept phase', 'international key player', '63 million metric tons', 'sustainable resource management', 'Operational Assistance division', 'The MRC team', 'Consulting Engineering Division', 'useful, practical solutions', 'energy consulting firm', 'new offering', 'new dimension', 'energy division', 'international scale', '113 million people', 'operational implementation', 'consulting services', 'Transaction Advisers', 'United Kingdom', 'ecological transformation', 'projects structuring', 'data analysts', 'smart grids', 'local loops', 'important step', 'Philippe Bloch', 'Managing Director', 'Arnaldo Orlandini', 'five continents', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated sales', 'public authorities', 'tertiary sector', 'environmental protection', 'performance improvement', 'works supervision', 'energy component', 'decarbonized energy', 'waste management', 'energy strategies', 'energy systems', 'energy sobriety', 'energy engineers', 'energy efficiency', 'energy storage', 'energy issues', 'MRC Consultants', 'wastewater services', 'essential services', 'energy services', 'unique expertise', 'legal experts', 'world stage', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'Veolia Environnement', 'energy autonomy', 'Veolia group', 'Seureca', 'acquisition', 'Spain', '30 countries', 'business', 'line', 'objectives', 'terms', 'customers', 'addition', 'decarbonization', 'planning', 'design', 'financing', 'challenges', 'clients', 'economists', 'total', 'workforce', 'renewables', 'mobility', 'development', 'commitment', 'support', 'cities', 'industries', 'CEO', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'VIE', 'teams', 'variety', 'audits', 'studies', 'training', 'skills', 'transfer', '300 employees', 'turnover']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41344,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEOLIA-ENVIRONNEMENT-4726/news/Veolia-Strengthens-Its-Energy-Consulting-Offer-With-the-Acquisition-of-MRC-Consultants-Transaction-46781648/,Veolia Strengthens Its Energy Consulting Offer With the Acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Veolia   through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announces the acquisition of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers. MRC is an energy consulting firm  based in …,"Regulatory News:Veolia (Paris:VIE)  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announces the acquisition of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers. MRC is an energy consulting firm  based in Spain and the United Kingdom and active in over 30 countries.This acquisition aligns perfectly with Veolia's new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program  which aims to accelerate ecological transformation. It strengthens the energy component of Seureca's business and is fully in line with the Group's objectives in terms of decarbonized energy and energy autonomy for both itself and its customers.In addition to the solutions already mastered at Seureca in terms of water  energy and waste management  MRC brings unique expertise in energy strategies  including decarbonization  planning and design of energy systems  and projects structuring and financing  to meet the challenges of autonomy and energy sobriety of its clients at the national and international scale. The MRC team includes energy engineers  economists  legal experts and data analysts.In total  Seureca's energy division will have a workforce of over 70  and this new offering will cover energy efficiency  renewables  smart grids  energy storage  e-mobility and energy local loops.""This acquisition is an important step in Seureca’s development  as it strengthens our energy services and commitment to ecological transformation. Seureca is now an international key player in providing support and consulting services on energy issues for cities and industries.” – Philippe Bloch  Managing Director of the Consulting Engineering Division Seureca.""We are very proud to join the Veolia group’s consulting engineering division and to bring our expertise in energy consulting and decarbonization. This acquisition propels our company into a new dimension on the world stage."" – Arnaldo Orlandini  CEO of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers.▁▁▁ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023.www.veolia.com▁▁▁ABOUT SEURECASeureca is the Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance Division of Veolia group. Seureca’s experts design solutions for public authorities  industries  and the tertiary sector to meet the challenges of access to essential services  sustainable resource management  environmental protection  and performance improvement.Our teams are actively involved from the initial concept phase to operational implementation including a variety of services covering audits and studies  design and works supervision  strategic and operational assistance  as well as training and skills transfer. As of 2023  Seureca has over 300 employees and generates a turnover of €39 million.www.seureca.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521310936/en/",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.71,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Energy Consulting Offer', 'MRC Consultants', 'Transaction Advisers', 'Veolia', 'Acquisition', 'Seureca', 'new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program', 'three complementary activities', 'initial concept phase', 'international key player', '63 million metric tons', 'sustainable resource management', 'Operational Assistance division', 'The MRC team', 'useful, practical solutions', 'Consulting Engineering Division', 'energy consulting firm', 'new offering', 'new dimension', 'energy division', 'international scale', '113 million people', 'operational implementation', 'consulting services', 'Regulatory News', 'Transaction Advisers', 'United Kingdom', 'ecological transformation', 'projects structuring', 'data analysts', 'smart grids', 'local loops', 'important step', 'Philippe Bloch', 'Managing Director', 'Arnaldo Orlandini', 'five continents', 'consolidated sales', 'public authorities', 'tertiary sector', 'environmental protection', 'performance improvement', 'source version', 'energy component', 'decarbonized energy', 'waste management', 'energy strategies', 'energy systems', 'energy sobriety', 'energy engineers', 'energy efficiency', 'energy storage', 'energy issues', 'MRC Consultants', 'wastewater services', 'essential services', 'energy services', 'unique expertise', 'legal experts', 'world stage', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', 'energy autonomy', 'Veolia group', 'VIE', 'Seureca', 'acquisition', 'Spain', '30 countries', 'business', 'line', 'objectives', 'terms', 'customers', 'addition', 'decarbonization', 'planning', 'design', 'financing', 'challenges', 'clients', 'economists', 'total', 'workforce', 'renewables', 'mobility', 'development', 'commitment', 'support', 'cities', 'industries', 'CEO', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'teams', 'variety', 'audits', 'studies', 'works', 'supervision', 'training', 'skills', 'transfer', '300 employees', 'turnover']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41345,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/veolia-strengthens-its-energy-consulting-offer-with-the-acquisition-of-mrc-consultants--transaction-advisers-by-seureca-93CH-3449282,Veolia Strengthens Its Energy Consulting Offer With the Acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca By Investing.com,Veolia Strengthens Its Energy Consulting Offer With the Acquisition of MRC Consultants & Transaction Advisers by Seureca,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Veolia (Paris:VIE)  through Seureca  its Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance division  announces the acquisition of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers. MRC is an energy consulting firm  based in Spain and the United Kingdom and active in over 30 countries.This acquisition aligns perfectly with Veolia's new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program  which aims to accelerate ecological transformation. It strengthens the energy component of Seureca's business and is fully in line with the Group's objectives in terms of decarbonized energy and energy autonomy for both itself and its customers.In addition to the solutions already mastered at Seureca in terms of water  energy and waste management  MRC brings unique expertise in energy strategies  including decarbonization  planning and design of energy systems  and projects structuring and financing  to meet the challenges of autonomy and energy sobriety of its clients at the national and international scale. The MRC team includes energy engineers  economists  legal experts and data analysts.In total  Seureca's energy division will have a workforce of over 70  and this new offering will cover energy efficiency  renewables  smart grids  energy storage  e-mobility and energy local loops.""This acquisition is an important step in Seureca's development  as it strengthens our energy services and commitment to ecological transformation. Seureca is now an international key player in providing support and consulting services on energy issues for cities and industries. “ Philippe Bloch  Managing Director of the Consulting Engineering Division Seureca.""We are very proud to join the Veolia group's consulting engineering division and to bring our expertise in energy consulting and decarbonization. This acquisition propels our company into a new dimension on the world stage."" “ Arnaldo Orlandini  CEO of MRC Consultants and Transaction Advisers.– – –ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (OTC: ) (Paris Euronext: VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023.www.veolia.com– – –ABOUT SEURECASeureca is the Consulting Engineering and Strategic and Operational Assistance Division of Veolia group. Seureca's experts design solutions for public authorities  industries  and the tertiary sector to meet the challenges of access to essential services  sustainable resource management  environmental protection  and performance improvement.Our teams are actively involved from the initial concept phase to operational implementation including a variety of services covering audits and studies  design and works supervision  strategic and operational assistance  as well as training and skills transfer. As of 2023  Seureca has over 300 employees and generates a turnover of €39 million.www.seureca.veolia.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521310936/en/VEOLIAGROUP MEDIA RELATIONSLaurent Obadia - Evgeniya MazalovaAnna Beaubatie - AurÃ©lien SarrosquyTel.+ 33 (0) 1 85 57 86 25presse.groupe@veolia.comINVESTORS RELATIONSRonald Wasylec - Ariane de LamazeTel. +33 (0) 1 85 57 84 76investor-relations@veolia.comSource: Veolia",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Energy Consulting Offer', 'MRC Consultants', 'Transaction Advisers', 'Veolia', 'Acquisition', 'Seureca', 'Investing', 'new 2024-2027 ""GreenUp"" strategic program', 'VEOLIA GROUP MEDIA RELATIONS', 'three complementary activities', 'initial concept phase', 'AurÃ©lien Sarrosquy', 'Ariane de Lamaze', 'international key player', '63 million metric tons', 'sustainable resource management', 'Operational Assistance division', 'The MRC team', 'Consulting Engineering Division', 'useful, practical solutions', 'energy consulting firm', 'new offering', 'new dimension', 'energy division', 'international scale', '113 million people', 'operational implementation', 'INVESTORS RELATIONS', 'consulting services', 'Regulatory News', 'Transaction Advisers', 'United Kingdom', 'ecological transformation', 'projects structuring', 'data analysts', 'smart grids', 'local loops', 'important step', 'Philippe Bloch', 'Managing Director', 'Arnaldo Orlandini', 'five continents', 'consolidated sales', 'public authorities', 'tertiary sector', 'environmental protection', 'performance improvement', 'works supervision', 'Laurent Obadia', 'Evgeniya Mazalova', 'Anna Beaubatie', 'Ronald Wasylec', 'energy component', 'decarbonized energy', 'waste management', 'energy strategies', 'energy systems', 'energy sobriety', 'energy engineers', 'energy efficiency', 'energy storage', 'energy issues', 'MRC Consultants', 'wastewater services', 'essential services', 'energy services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'unique expertise', 'legal experts', 'world stage', 'benchmark company', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'source version', 'Veolia Environnement', 'energy autonomy', 'Paris Euronext', 'VIE', 'Seureca', 'acquisition', 'Spain', '30 countries', 'line', 'objectives', 'terms', 'customers', 'addition', 'decarbonization', 'planning', 'design', 'financing', 'challenges', 'clients', 'economists', 'total', 'workforce', 'renewables', 'mobility', 'development', 'commitment', 'support', 'cities', 'industries', 'CEO', 'ambition', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'OTC', 'teams', 'variety', 'audits', 'studies', 'training', 'skills', 'transfer', '300 employees', 'turnover', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'presse', 'groupe', '85']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41346,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6318012185767944,Ipsos explains how businesses can prepare for electoral uncertainty in 2024 and beyond,Ipsos explains how businesses can prepare for electoral uncertainty in 2024 and beyond           PR Newswire           The presidential election comes with high stakes for businesses. In the newest Insights to Activate series release  experts from Ipso...,"The presidential election comes with high stakes for businesses. In the newest Insights to Activate series release  experts from Ipsos  Ford and Regeneron explain how your brand can navigate those risks.NEW YORK   May 21  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Either Joe Biden or Donald Trump will win the 2024 election — but these different outcomes could yield radically different social  economic and regulatory futures. Is your business prepared for both possibilities?When it comes to the electoral issues that will shape the world businesses operate in  decision-makers can't afford to wait for the exit polls. That's why Ipsos   one of the world's leading market research companies  has launched Insights to Activate: Election Action : a three-part report explaining how you can set your brand up for success while navigating electoral uncertainty.The first phase of this release is "" Election Action: Is Your Business Prepared  "" a POV that offers an high-level look at scenario planning and how businesses can reduce their exposure to risk by preparing for different political outcomes.Then  on May 22   Ipsos will host "" Election Action: Why Businesses Need to Prepare for 2024's Uncertainty  "" a public webinar where leading experts from Ford  Regeneron  and Ipsos will share their perspectives on strategic foresight and how it can help your business prepare for tomorrow's risks.The final piece  a client impact story  will detail Ipsos' polling and election advisory work for a leading political risk consultancy firm and the game-changing impact it had for clients at some of the world's largest financial services companies.Election Action is the latest installment of Insights to Activate  an ongoing series from Ipsos that pairs commentary from the industry's brightest minds with data-driven thought leadership on today and tomorrow's most pressing business questions. Future releases will explore the forces redefining everything from the election to brand to ESG to Ipsos Global Trends and Gen AI – giving you the information you need to make better decisions today and tomorrow.To learn more  visit www.ipsos.com/en-us/insights-activate today.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999 . The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comView original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ipsos-explains-how-businesses-can-prepare-for-electoral-uncertainty-in-2024-and-beyond-302151705.htmlSOURCE Ipsos",neutral,0.02,0.81,0.17,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['electoral uncertainty', 'Ipsos', 'businesses', '2024', 'leading political risk consultancy firm', 'largest financial services companies', 'leading market research companies', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'different political outcomes', 'data-driven thought leadership', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'different social, economic', 'client impact story', 'election advisory work', 'pressing business questions', 'Ipsos Global Trends', 'polling companies', 'different outcomes', 'leading experts', 'game-changing impact', 'high stakes', 'NEW YORK', 'Joe Biden', 'Donald Trump', 'regulatory futures', 'electoral issues', 'exit polls', 'three-part report', 'first phase', 'high-level look', 'scenario planning', 'public webinar', 'strategic foresight', 'final piece', 'latest installment', 'ongoing series', 'brightest minds', 'Future releases', 'Gen AI', 'true understanding', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'original content', 'presidential election', 'Election Action', 'series release', 'electoral uncertainty', 'changing world', 'newest Insights', 'powerful insights', ""Ipsos' polling"", 'SOURCE Ipsos', 'world businesses', '2024 election', 'Ford', 'Regeneron', 'brand', 'risks', 'PRNewswire', 'possibilities', 'decision-makers', 'success', 'POV', 'exposure', 'May', 'perspectives', 'tomorrow', 'clients', 'commentary', 'industry', 'today', 'forces', 'everything', 'ESG', 'information', 'decisions', '90 markets', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'electoral-uncertainty']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investorsobserver.com
41347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THERAVET-SA-123639986/news/TheraVet-Announces-Early-Completion-of-Patient-Recruitment-of-the-VISCO-VET-Clinical-Study-46785673/,TheraVet Announces Early Completion of Patient Recruitment of the VISCO-VET Clinical Study,(marketscreener.com) Early completion of patient recruitment of VISCO-VET clinical study which will be based on a more targeted number of patients recruitedData will be analyzed as planned with results expected by the end of 4th quarter 2024These re…,Early completion of patient recruitment of VISCO-VET clinical study which will be based on a more targeted number of patients recruited Data will be analyzed as planned with results expected by the end of 4th quarter 2024 These results will be used to establish partnerships for licensing in dog osteoarthritis Study findings will also be material for TheraVet’s development on competition horses.Regulatory News:TheraVet (ISIN: BE0974387194 - Ticker: ALVET) (Paris:ALVET) (Brussels:ALVET)  a pioneering company in the management of osteoarticular diseases in pets  announces the early completion of the patient recruitment of its the pivotal European multicentric clinical study assessing VISCO-VET in canine osteoarthritis (VV-OA2) due to recruitment difficulties. Despite the efforts to enroll patients  the number of patients enrolled fell short of the initial target.VV-OA2  a prospective  multicentric  controlled  double-blinded  randomized  pivotal field study in client-owned dogs suffering from osteoarthritis (OA)  was designed to evaluate the potential of a unique intra-articular injection of VISCO-VET in stifle or elbow to improve dog’s mobility and reduce pain compared to a non-treated control group 3-month after treatment. 67 dogs were enrolled in the study  compared with an initial sample size of 171. The decision to end recruitment was taken after careful consideration of various factors  including the impact on study timelines and resources deployed.The Company plans to continue with the analysis of the data collected. The results of the study are expected to be delivered by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. If statistical significance is not achieved  the findings will provide valuable insights that may inform future research efforts in this area.Additionally  the results will serve as a basis to explore potential partnerships for co-development and licensing opportunities. The Company recognizes the importance of collaboration in advancing veterinary medical research and is open to partnering with organizations interested in further developing our product.Furthermore  the information obtained from this study could have implications beyond canine health. Insights into safety and efficacy offer potential avenues for application and research on other species as horses.About TheraVet SATheraVet is a veterinary biotechnology company specialising in osteoarticular treatments for companion animals. The Company develops targeted  safe and effective treatments to improve the quality of life of pets suffering from joint and bone diseases. For pet owners  the health of their pets is a major concern and TheraVet’s mission is to address the need for innovative and curative treatments. TheraVet works closely with international opinion leaders in order to provide a more effective response to ever-growing needs in the field of veterinary medicine. TheraVet is listed on Euronext Growth® Paris and Brussels  has its head office in Belgium (Gosselies) with a US subsidiary.For more information  visit the TheraVet website or follow us on LinkedIn / Facebook / X.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521630504/en/,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['VISCO-VET Clinical Study', 'Early Completion', 'Patient Recruitment', 'TheraVet', 'prospective, multicentric, controlled, double-blinded, randomized, pivotal field study', 'pivotal European multicentric clinical study', 'dog osteoarthritis Study findings', 'unique intra-articular injection', 'treated control group', 'international opinion leaders', 'VISCO-VET clinical study', 'initial sample size', 'veterinary medical research', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'veterinary biotechnology company', 'future research efforts', 'study timelines', 'veterinary medicine', 'initial target', 'canine osteoarthritis', 'pioneering company', 'The Company', 'Early completion', '4th quarter', 'Regulatory News', 'osteoarticular diseases', 'careful consideration', 'various factors', 'fourth quarter', 'statistical significance', 'other species', 'osteoarticular treatments', 'companion animals', 'targeted, safe', 'effective treatments', 'bone diseases', 'pet owners', 'major concern', 'curative treatments', 'effective response', 'growing needs', 'head office', 'US subsidiary', 'source version', 'patient recruitment', 'recruitment difficulties', 'potential avenues', 'targeted number', 'competition horses', 'client-owned dogs', 'valuable insights', 'licensing opportunities', 'canine health', 'TheraVet SA', 'TheraVet website', 'potential partnerships', 'Brussels:ALVET', '67 dogs', 'patients', 'Data', 'results', 'end', 'material', 'development', 'Ticker', 'management', 'pets', 'VV', 'stifle', 'elbow', 'mobility', 'pain', 'decision', 'impact', 'resources', 'analysis', 'area', 'basis', 'importance', 'collaboration', 'organizations', 'product', 'information', 'implications', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'application', 'quality', 'life', 'joint', 'mission', 'innovative', 'order', 'Belgium', 'Gosselies', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'X.', 'businesswire']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41348,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-46785644/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 21 May 2024 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 13 May to 17 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s an…,Press ReleaseParis – 21 May 2024Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 13 May to 17 May 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2024-05-13 BUY 15 9.500000 142.50 XAMS 2024-05-13 SELL 173 9.550000 1 652.15 XAMS 2024-05-14 BUY 38 9.500000 361.00 XAMS 2024-05-14 SELL 107 9.592991 1 026.45 XAMS 2024-05-15 BUY 127 9.480709 1 204.05 XAMS 2024-05-15 SELL 5 9.550000 47.75 XAMS 2024-05-16 BUY 401 9.478554 3 800.90 XAMS 2024-05-16 SELL 232 9.539655 2 213.20 XAMS 2024-05-17 BUY 23 9.450000 217.35 XAMS 2024-05-17 SELL 45 9.500000 427.50 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaGeneral Shareholders’ Meeting: 23 May 2024Q2 2024 results: 1 August 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay  the world’s largest independent content producer and distributor) and online sports betting & gaming (through Betclic  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  FL Entertainment recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively. FL Entertainment is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: FLE NA  Reuters: FLE.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent content producer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'content production', 'following transactions', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'The Group', 'Q2 2024 results', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'FLE NA', 'FLE.AS', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '21 May', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '13 May', '17 May', 'accordance', 'authorization', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '23 May', '1 August', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Banijay', 'world', 'distributor', 'gaming', 'Betclic', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41349,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARANOVA-SE-63216172/news/Termination-of-Legal-Proceedings-Between-Claranova-and-Its-Canadian-Minority-Shareholders-46785685/,Termination of Legal Proceedings Between Claranova and Its Canadian Minority Shareholders,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Claranova announces that it has reached an agreement with its two Canadian minority shareholders  Michael Dadoun and Daniel Assouline  under which the latter agreed to withdraw today  without any compensation  the two …,Regulatory News:Claranova (Euronext Paris : FR0013426004 - CLA) announces that it has reached an agreement with its two Canadian minority shareholders  Michael Dadoun and Daniel Assouline  under which the latter agreed to withdraw today  without any compensation  the two separate legal proceedings (appeal and on merits) that were pending against the company.This decision follows recent governance and management changes at Claranova  including the appointment of Michael Dadoun as a director and Daniel Assouline as a non-voting member of the Board of Directors  approved by Claranova shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of April 5  2024. The Dadoun Family Trust and the companies 10422339 Canada Inc. and 6673279 Canada Inc.  jointly holding 6.99% of Claranova's share capital  instituted proceedings on October 13  2023 against Claranova and the members of the officers of the General Meeting before the Nanterre Commercial Court  seeking in particular to annul a decision of the officers of the General Meeting of November 30  2022  which had deprived them of part of their voting rights  to cancel the said Meeting and to pay them damages.Marc Goldberg  Chairman of Claranova's Board of Directors  commented: “We are delighted with this decision  which reflects the pacified climate that now prevails within Claranova. With renewed governance and the recent refinancing of its debt  Claranova can now focus  under the leadership of its CEO Eric Gareau  on defining its new strategic roadmap aimed at further improving the company's financial and commercial performance.”Michael Dadoun and Daniel Assouline commented: “We are very pleased to see that Claranova has embraced the renewal of the company's governance. Under these conditions  the procedures we had initiated are no longer justified  and we have therefore decided to withdraw them. As shareholders and members of the Board of Directors  we wish to lend our constructive support to Claranova’s continued progress.”Financial calendar:August 1  2024: FY 2023-2024 revenueOctober 30  2024: FY 2023-2024 resultsAbout Claranova:As a diversified global technology company  Claranova manages and coordinates a portfolio of majority interests in digital companies with strong growth potential. Supported by a team combining several decades of experience in the world of technology  Claranova has acquired a unique know-how in successfully turning around  creating  and developing innovative companies.Claranova has proven its capacity to turn a simple idea into a worldwide success in just a few short years. Present in 15 countries and leveraging the technology expertise of its 800+ employees across North America and Europe  Claranova is a truly international group  with 95% of its revenue derived from international markets.Claranova’s portfolio of companies is organized into three unique technology platforms operating in all major digital sectors. As an e-commerce leader in personalized objects  Claranova also stands out for its technological expertise in software publishing and the Internet of Things  through its businesses PlanetArt  Avanquest and myDevices. These three technology platforms share a common vision: empowering people through innovation by providing simple and intuitive digital solutions that facilitate everyday access to the very best of technology.For more information on Claranova Group:https://www.claranova.comCODESTicker : CLAISIN : FR0013426004www.claranova.comDisclaimer:All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521934669/en/,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,mixed,0.33,0.32,0.35,True,English,"['Canadian Minority Shareholders', 'Legal Proceedings', 'Termination', 'Claranova', 'two separate legal proceedings', 'The Dadoun Family Trust', 'two Canadian minority shareholders', 'three unique technology platforms', 'diversified global technology company', 'three technology platforms', 'new strategic roadmap', 'strong growth potential', 'View source version', 'major digital sectors', 'intuitive digital solutions', 'Nanterre Commercial Court', 'Annual General Meeting', 'FY 2023-2024 results', 'unique know-how', 'Michael Dadoun', 'technology expertise', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'digital companies', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Daniel Assouline', 'management changes', 'voting member', 'Canada Inc.', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Marc Goldberg', 'pacified climate', 'recent refinancing', 'Eric Gareau', 'constructive support', 'majority interests', 'several decades', 'worldwide success', 'short years', '800+ employees', 'North America', 'international group', 'international markets', 'e-commerce leader', 'personalized objects', 'technological expertise', 'software publishing', 'common vision', 'everyday access', 'CODES Ticker', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'commercial performance', 'Financial calendar', 'innovative companies', 'simple idea', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Claranova shareholders', 'recent governance', 'Claranova Group', 'agreement', 'compensation', 'merits', 'decision', 'appointment', 'director', 'Board', 'April', 'October', 'members', 'officers', 'November', 'part', 'damages', 'Chairman', 'debt', 'leadership', 'CEO', 'renewal', 'conditions', 'procedures', 'progress', '24 revenue', 'portfolio', 'team', 'experience', 'capacity', '15 countries', 'Europe', 'Internet', 'Things', 'businesses', 'PlanetArt', 'Avanquest', 'myDevices', 'people', 'innovation', 'information', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'uncertainties', 'businesswire']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/AtoS-Market-update-May-21-2024-46786809/,AtoS : Market update - May 21  2024,(marketscreener.com)   Market update - May 21  2024     The deadline for the Annual General Meeting to approve the 2023 financial statements has been extended to December 31  2024  by the President of the Pontoise Commercial Court  to provide Atos with…,"Market update - May 21  2024The statutory accounts have been approved by the Board of Directors and certified without any reserve by Atos' statutory auditors.Atos reminds that the non-binding offers received for its restructuring  all entail a massive dilution of its current shareholders.In accordance with applicable legal provisions  Atos SE (""Atos"" or the ""Company"") announces today that it has requested and obtained from the President of the Commercial Court of Pontoise an extension of the deadline for the Annual General Meeting of its shareholders convened to approve the statutory and consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023  which had previously been approved by the Company's Board of Directors and certified without any reserve by the Company's statutory auditors. The order issued on May 21  2024 extends the meeting deadline to December 31  2024.This decision  taken in the best interest of Atos  is intended to provide the Company with a stable framework to complete the discussions initiated since early February 2024 with all stakeholders  in order to reach a financial restructuring agreement by July 2024  as announced in its previous communications.In accordance with applicable legal provisions  Atos shareholders will be consulted on the financial restructuring plan in a dedicated framework  separate from the Annual General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023.Atos will inform its shareholders in due course of the date of the next Annual General Meeting.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations : David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Individual shareholders : 0805 65 00 75Press contact : globalprteam@atos.net",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.61,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Market update', 'AtoS', 'May', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'applicable legal provisions', 'consolidated financial statements', 'financial restructuring agreement', 'financial restructuring plan', 'secure information space', 'annual revenue', 'meeting deadline', 'Market update', 'non-binding offers', 'massive dilution', 'Commercial Court', 'best interest', 'stable framework', 'early February', 'previous communications', 'dedicated framework', 'due course', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor relations', 'David Pierre-Kahn', 'Press contact', 'statutory accounts', 'statutory auditors', 'current shareholders', 'Individual shareholders', 'decarbonization services', 'atos.net', 'Atos shareholders', 'Atos SE', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reserve', 'accordance', 'Company', 'President', 'Pontoise', 'extension', 'year', 'December', 'order', 'decision', 'discussions', 'stakeholders', 'July', 'c.', '94,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'investors', 'globalprteam', '0805']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-Market-Update-21-May-2024-46786820/,Atos - Market Update 21 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Market update The deadline for the Annual General Meeting to approve the 2023 financial statements has been extended to December 31  2024  by the President of the Pontoise Commercial Court  to provide Atos with a stable fram…,Press ReleaseMarket updateThe deadline for the Annual General Meeting to approve the 2023 financial statements has been extended to December 31  2024  by the President of the Pontoise Commercial Court  to provide Atos with a stable framework to complete the current discussions on a financial restructuring agreement by July 2024.The statutory accounts have been approved by the Board of Directors and certified without any reserve by Atos’ statutory auditors.Atos reminds that the non-binding offers received for its restructuring  all entail a massive dilution of its current shareholders.Paris  France – May 21  2024In accordance with applicable legal provisions  Atos SE (“Atos” or the “Company”) announces today that it has requested and obtained from the President of the Commercial Court of Pontoise an extension of the deadline for the Annual General Meeting of its shareholders convened to approve the statutory and consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023  which had previously been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and certified without any reserve by the Company’s statutory auditors. The order issued on May 21  2024 extends the meeting deadline to December 31  2024.This decision  taken in the best interest of Atos  is intended to provide the Company with a stable framework to complete the discussions initiated since early February 2024 with all stakeholders  in order to reach a financial restructuring agreement by July 2024  as announced in its previous communications.In accordance with applicable legal provisions  Atos shareholders will be consulted on the financial restructuring plan in a dedicated framework  separate from the Annual General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023.Atos will inform its shareholders in due course of the date of the next Annual General Meeting.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations : David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Individual shareholders : 0805 65 00 75Press contact : globalprteam@atos.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Market Update', 'Atos', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'applicable legal provisions', 'financial restructuring agreement', 'financial restructuring plan', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Pontoise Commercial Court', 'secure information space', '2023 financial statements', 'annual revenue', 'meeting deadline', 'Press Release', 'Market update', 'stable framework', 'non-binding offers', 'massive dilution', 'best interest', 'early February', 'previous communications', 'dedicated framework', 'due course', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor relations', 'David Pierre-Kahn', 'Press contact', 'statutory accounts', 'statutory auditors', 'current shareholders', 'Individual shareholders', 'current discussions', 'c. 94,000 employees', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Atos shareholders', 'Atos SE', 'atos.', 'December', 'President', 'July', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reserve', 'France', 'May', 'accordance', 'Company', 'extension', 'year', 'order', 'decision', 'stakeholders', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'investors', 'globalprteam', 'Attachment', '0805']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARIANE-SE-37408/news/Clariane-Presents-Its-Medium-term-Plan-2023-2026-46780385/,Clariane Presents Its Medium-term Plan 2023-2026,(marketscreener.com)  A €1.5 billion refinancing plan to strengthen its financial structure well under way  including the execution of the capital increase to be approved by the Annual shareholder meeting on the 10th of JuneA solid outlook for 2023-2026…,"A €1.5 billion refinancing plan to strengthen its financial structure well under way  including the execution of the capital increase to be approved by the Annual shareholder meeting on the 10th of June A solid outlook for 2023-2026  following the full execution of the refinancing plan: Average annual organic growth of around 5% EBITDA margin  pre IFRS 16  expected to rise by 100 to 150 basis points by 2026 Financial leverage of less than 3x and LTV of 55% by the end of 2025 Reaffirmed ESG commitmentsRegulatory News:Clariane (Paris:CLARI) (CLARIA.PA - ISIN FR0010386334) is holding an information meeting today from 2pm to 6pm at which the Group will present its strategic plan and outlook for the period 2023-2026.This meeting will be held following the announcement on Friday 17 May of plans to increase the company's capital by a total amount of c.€ 328 million  as part of the reinforcement of its financial structure  and the planned investment of HLD Europe as a new major shareholder  supporting the implementation of its ""At your side"" corporate project and its commitments as a purpose-driven company.Sophie Boissard  Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Group  said:“Since 2020  Clariane has had to face a series of unprecedented challenges  with the Covid-19 pandemic  the sectoral turbulence resulting from the Orpea affair  the sharp rise in inflation and the tightening of credit conditions.Thanks to the unwavering commitment of our employees and the support of our stakeholders  our company has been able to demonstrate its resilience and reinvent itself  in line with its values and mission: ""to take care for each person’s humanity in times of fragility"".Once our annual shareholder meeting will have approved the modalities of the capital increase included in our refinancing plan  we will be turning a new page  backed by the support of our shareholders and the professionalism of our 60 000 employees  who are more committed than ever to constantly improving the quality and relevance of the care and services that our patients  residents and their families expect of us”***In response to the public health challenges posed by an ageing population and an increase in chronic illnesses  Clariane has developed a range of diversified and complementary forms of support and care in its various regions  organised around the following three segments:Long-Term Care;Specialty Care;Community Care.As part of its “At your side” corporate project  Clariane is promoting the development of personalised care solutions  grounded in local ecosystems and in the needs of vulnerable people and their carers.It is developing a common skills base to all its activities  including the use of rigorous medical expertise  consistent quality standards  a policy of skills development and promotion through training leading to qualifications  and the gradual digitalisation of key processes.In line with its decision to become a purpose-driven company with high levels of accountability  the company's governance includes its stakeholders building trust and regularly measures its non-financial performance.Following the tightening of credit conditions and sectoral turbulence  Clariane launched a plan on 14 November to strengthen its financial structure.Implementation of the various aspects of this plan is well under way  as outlined in the press release published by the Group on the 17th of May  including the execution of the capital increase to be approved by the annual shareholder meeting on the 10th of June.Confirming its objectives for 2024  and building on the progress made with the plan to strengthen its financial structure  the Group today announces its main outlook for the period 2023-2026:Average annual organic growth (CAGR) in sales of around +5%   driven in particular by a gradual and steady increase in occupancy rates and activity levels in Specialized Care  especially in outpatient care  and by the ongoing catch-up of tariffs  particularly in Germany;  driven in particular by a gradual and steady increase in occupancy rates and activity levels in Specialized Care  especially in outpatient care  and by the ongoing catch-up of tariffs  particularly in Germany; An improvement of 100 to 150 basis points in its EBITDA margin  pre-IFRS16  driven mainly by revenue growth and targeted improvements in its central cost structures  rent and energy costs;pre-IFRS16  driven mainly by revenue growth and targeted improvements in its central cost structures  rent and energy costs; Opco leverage of less than 3.0x by the end of 2025  with an LTV of 55%.At the same time  the Group has set the following ESG targets for 2026:7 000 employees enrolled in a qualifying path through the Clariane UniversityNPS maintained above 40Lost-time injury frequency rate down to 29Implementing the SBTi commitments on the carbon trajectoryThe presentation associated with this information meeting is available on the clariane.com website.The meeting will also be broadcast live on the Clariane website and be viewed hereDisclaimer:This press release does not constitute  and shall not be deemed to constitute  an offer to the public or an offer to purchase or the solicitation of public interest in a transaction by way of public offer  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful absent registration or approval under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. The distribution of this document may be subject to specific restrictions in certain countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to inform themselves of and to observe any such local restrictions. The shares of Clariane S.E. (the “Company”) (and any rights to subscribe for shares of the Company) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities.A prospectus relating to the capital increase will be submitted by Clariane S.E. to the Autorité des marchés financiers for approval before the effective launch of the capital increase.This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including information incorporated by reference  regarding the Group’s expected growth and profitability in the future that may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to factors that the Company can neither control nor accurately estimate  such as future market conditions. Any forward-looking statements made in this document express expectations for the future and should be regarded as such. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described in Chapter 2 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 30  2023 under the registration number D.24-0380  which is available on the Company's website  on the website of the French financial markets authority  AMF (www.amf-france.org). All forward-looking statements included in this document speak only as of the date of this press release. Clariane S.E. undertakes no obligation and assumes no responsibility to update the information contained herein beyond what is required by applicable regulations.In this press release  unless otherwise indicated  all changes are expressed on an annual basis (2024/2023)  and at constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates.The main alternative performance indicators (APIs)  such as EBITDA  EBIT  net debt and financial leverage  are defined in the Universal Registration Document available on the company's website at www.clariane.com.About ClarianeClariane is the leading European community for care in times of vulnerability. It has operations in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  the Netherlands  and Spain.Relying on their diverse expertise  each year the Group’s 60 000 professionals provide services to over 800 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: long-term care nursing home (Korian  Seniors Residencias  Berkley  etc.)  specialized care facilities and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  Lebenswert  etc.)  and alternative living solutions (Petits-fils  Ages et Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a purpose-driven company and added to its bylaws a new corporate purpose  common to all its activities: “To take care of each person’s humanity in times of vulnerability”.Clariane has been listed on Euronext Paris since November 2006  In compartment BEuronext ticker: CLARI - ISIN: FR0010386334View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240520488615/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.19,0.58,True,English,"['Medium-term Plan', 'Clariane', 'Lost-time injury frequency rate', 'Average annual organic growth', '100 to 150 basis points', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'following three segments', 'rigorous medical expertise', 'central cost structures', 'Annual shareholder meeting', 'new major shareholder', 'public health challenges', 'common skills base', 'following ESG targets', 'side” corporate project', 'consistent quality standards', 'personalised care solutions', '€1.5 billion refinancing plan', 'clariane.com website', 'revenue growth', 'unprecedented challenges', 'new page', 'ESG commitments', 'information meeting', 'financial structure', '5% EBITDA margin', 'Financial leverage', 'Regulatory News', 'total amount', 'HLD Europe', 'Sophie Boissard', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'sectoral turbulence', 'Orpea affair', 'sharp rise', 'credit conditions', 'unwavering commitment', 'ageing population', 'chronic illnesses', 'complementary forms', 'various regions', 'local ecosystems', 'vulnerable people', 'skills development', 'key processes', 'high levels', 'non-financial performance', 'various aspects', 'press release', 'occupancy rates', 'activity levels', 'ongoing catch-up', 'energy costs', 'Opco leverage', 'same time', 'qualifying path', 'carbon trajectory', 'Clariane website', 'steady increase', 'Long-Term Care', 'Specialty Care', 'Community Care', 'Specialized Care', 'outpatient care', 'strategic plan', 'solid outlook', 'main outlook', 'SBTi commitments', 'capital increase', 'Friday 17 May', 'Clariane University', 'purpose-driven company', 'full execution', 'way', '10th', 'June', 'IFRS', 'less', '3x', 'LTV', 'end', 'Paris', 'ISIN', '2pm', '6pm', 'Group', 'period', 'announcement', 'plans', 'part', 'reinforcement', 'investment', 'implementation', 'Director', 'series', 'inflation', 'tightening', 'employees', 'support', 'stakeholders', 'resilience', 'line', 'values', 'mission', 'humanity', 'times', 'fragility', 'modalities', 'shareholders', 'professionalism', 'relevance', 'services', 'patients', 'residents', 'families', 'response', 'range', 'diversified', 'needs', 'carers', 'activities', 'use', 'policy', 'promotion', 'training', 'qualifications', 'gradual', 'digitalisation', 'decision', 'accountability', 'governance', 'trust', '14 November', '17th', 'objectives', 'progress', 'CAGR', 'sales', 'tariffs', 'Germany', 'improvement', 'rent', 'NPS', 'presentation', 'Disclaimer', '2026']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/clariane-presents-its-mediumterm-plan-20232026-93CH-3449150,Clariane Presents Its Medium-term Plan 2023-2026 By Investing.com,Clariane Presents Its Medium-term Plan 2023-2026,"A €1.5 billion refinancing plan to strengthen its financial structure well under way  including the execution of the capital increase to be approved by the Annual shareholder meeting on the 10th of JuneA solid outlook for 2023-2026  following the full execution of the refinancing plan: Average annual organic growth of around 5% EBITDA margin  pre IFRS 16  expected to rise by 100 to 150 basis points by 2026 Financial leverage of less than 3x and LTV of 55% by the end of 2025 Reaffirmed ESG commitmentsPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Clariane (Paris:CLARI) (CLARIA.PA - ISIN FR0010386334) is holding an information meeting today from 2pm to 6pm at which the Group will present its strategic plan and outlook for the period 2023-2026.This meeting will be held following the announcement on Friday 17 May of plans to increase the company's capital by a total amount of c. € 328 million  as part of the reinforcement of its financial structure  and the planned investment of HLD Europe as a new major shareholder  supporting the implementation of its ""At your side"" corporate project and its commitments as a purpose-driven company.Sophie Boissard  Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Group  said:Since 2020  Clariane has had to face a series of unprecedented challenges  with the Covid-19 pandemic  the sectoral turbulence resulting from the Orpea affair  the sharp rise in inflation and the tightening of credit conditions.Thanks to the unwavering commitment of our employees and the support of our stakeholders  our company has been able to demonstrate its resilience and reinvent itself  in line with its values and mission: ""to take care for each person's humanity in times of fragility"".Once our annual shareholder meeting will have approved the modalities of the capital increase included in our refinancing plan  we will be turning a new page  backed by the support of our shareholders and the professionalism of our 60 000 employees  who are more committed than ever to constantly improving the quality and relevance of the care and services that our patients  residents and their families expect of usIn response to the public health challenges posed by an ageing population and an increase in chronic illnesses  Clariane has developed a range of diversified and complementary forms of support and care in its various regions  organised around the following three segments:Long-Term Care;Specialty Care;Community Care.As part of its At your side corporate project  Clariane is promoting the development of personalised care solutions  grounded in local ecosystems and in the needs of vulnerable people and their carers.It is developing a common skills base to all its activities  including the use of rigorous medical expertise  consistent quality standards  a policy of skills development and promotion through training leading to qualifications  and the gradual digitalisation of key processes.In line with its decision to become a purpose-driven company with high levels of accountability  the company's governance includes its stakeholders building trust and regularly measures its non-financial performance.Following the tightening of credit conditions and sectoral turbulence  Clariane launched a plan on 14 November to strengthen its financial structure.Implementation of the various aspects of this plan is well under way  as outlined in the press release published by the Group on the 17th of May  including the execution of the capital increase to be approved by the annual shareholder meeting on the 10th of June.Confirming its objectives for 2024  and building on the progress made with the plan to strengthen its financial structure  the Group today announces its main outlook for the period 2023-2026:Average annual organic growth (CAGR) in sales of around +5%   driven in particular by a gradual and steady increase in occupancy rates and activity levels in Specialized Care  especially in outpatient care  and by the ongoing catch-up of tariffs  particularly in Germany;  driven in particular by a gradual and steady increase in occupancy rates and activity levels in Specialized Care  especially in outpatient care  and by the ongoing catch-up of tariffs  particularly in Germany; An improvement of 100 to 150 basis points in its EBITDA margin  pre-IFRS16  driven mainly by revenue growth and targeted improvements in its central cost structures  rent and energy costs;pre-IFRS16  driven mainly by revenue growth and targeted improvements in its central cost structures  rent and energy costs; Opco leverage of less than 3.0x by the end of 2025  with an LTV of 55%.At the same time  the Group has set the following ESG targets for 2026:7 000 employees enrolled in a qualifying path through the Clariane UniversityNPS maintained above 40Lost-time injury frequency rate down to 29Implementing the SBTi commitments on the carbon trajectoryThe presentation associated with this information meeting is available on the clariane.com website.The meeting will also be broadcast live on the Clariane website and be viewed hereDisclaimer:This press release does not constitute  and shall not be deemed to constitute  an offer to the public or an offer to purchase or the solicitation of public interest in a transaction by way of public offer  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful absent registration or approval under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. The distribution of this document may be subject to specific restrictions in certain countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to inform themselves of and to observe any such local restrictions. The shares of Clariane S.E. (the Company) (and any rights to subscribe for shares of the Company) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the U.S. Securities Act)  and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities.A prospectus relating to the capital increase will be submitted by Clariane S.E. to the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers for approval before the effective launch of the capital increase.This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including information incorporated by reference  regarding the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future that may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to factors that the Company can neither control nor accurately estimate  such as future market conditions. Any forward-looking statements made in this document express expectations for the future and should be regarded as such. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described in Chapter 2 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers (AMF) on April 30  2023 under the registration number D.24-0380  which is available on the Company's website  on the website of the French financial markets authority  AMF (www.amf-france.org). All forward-looking statements included in this document speak only as of the date of this press release. Clariane S.E. undertakes no obligation and assumes no responsibility to update the information contained herein beyond what is required by applicable regulations.In this press release  unless otherwise indicated  all changes are expressed on an annual basis (2024/2023)  and at constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates.The main alternative performance indicators (APIs)  such as EBITDA  EBIT  net debt and financial leverage  are defined in the Universal Registration Document available on the company's website at www.clariane.com.About ClarianeClariane is the leading European community for care in times of vulnerability. It has operations in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  the Netherlands  and Spain.Relying on their diverse expertise  each year the Group's 60 000 professionals provide services to over 800 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: long-term care nursing home (Korian  Seniors Residencias  Berkley  etc.)  specialized care facilities and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  Lebenswert  etc.)  and alternative living solutions (Petits-fils  Ages et Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a purpose-driven company and added to its bylaws a new corporate purpose  common to all its activities: To take care of each person's humanity in times of vulnerability.Clariane has been listed on Euronext Paris since November 2006  In compartment BEuronext ticker: CLARI - ISIN: FR0010386334View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240520488615/en/InvestorsStÃ©phane BisseuilInvestor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 58 60 68 69stephane.bisseuil@clariane.comPressMatthieu DesplatsPress Relations Director06 58 09 01 61matthieu.desplats@clariane.comJulie MaryHead of press relations06 59 72 50 69julie.mary@clariane.comFlorian BacheletHead of press relations06 79 86 78 23florian.bachelet@clariane.comSource: Clariane",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.21,0.56,True,English,"['Medium-term Plan', 'Investing.com', 'Clariane', 'Lost-time injury frequency rate', 'Average annual organic growth', 'A €1.5 billion refinancing plan', '100 to 150 basis points', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'following three segments', 'rigorous medical expertise', 'central cost structures', 'Annual shareholder meeting', 'new major shareholder', 'public health challenges', 'common skills base', 'following ESG targets', 'side corporate project', 'consistent quality standards', 'personalised care solutions', 'clariane.com website', 'revenue growth', 'unprecedented challenges', 'new page', 'ESG commitments', 'information meeting', 'financial structure', '5% EBITDA margin', 'Financial leverage', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'total amount', 'HLD Europe', 'Sophie Boissard', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'sectoral turbulence', 'Orpea affair', 'sharp rise', 'credit conditions', 'unwavering commitment', 'ageing population', 'chronic illnesses', 'complementary forms', 'various regions', 'local ecosystems', 'vulnerable people', 'skills development', 'key processes', 'high levels', 'non-financial performance', 'various aspects', 'press release', 'occupancy rates', 'activity levels', 'ongoing catch-up', 'energy costs', 'Opco leverage', 'same time', 'qualifying path', 'carbon trajectory', 'Clariane website', 'strategic plan', 'steady increase', 'Long-Term Care', 'Specialty Care', 'Community Care', 'Specialized Care', 'outpatient care', 'solid outlook', 'main outlook', 'SBTi commitments', 'capital increase', 'Friday 17 May', 'Clariane University', 'purpose-driven company', 'full execution', 'way', '10th', 'June', 'IFRS', 'less', '3x', 'LTV', 'end', 'PARIS', 'ISIN', '2pm', '6pm', 'Group', 'period', 'announcement', 'plans', 'part', 'reinforcement', 'investment', 'implementation', 'Director', 'series', 'inflation', 'tightening', 'employees', 'support', 'stakeholders', 'resilience', 'line', 'values', 'mission', 'humanity', 'times', 'fragility', 'modalities', 'shareholders', 'professionalism', 'relevance', 'services', 'patients', 'residents', 'families', 'response', 'range', 'diversified', 'needs', 'carers', 'activities', 'use', 'policy', 'promotion', 'training', 'qualifications', 'gradual', 'digitalisation', 'decision', 'accountability', 'governance', 'trust', '14 November', '17th', 'objectives', 'progress', 'CAGR', 'sales', 'tariffs', 'Germany', 'improvement', 'rent', 'NPS', 'presentation', '2026']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERAMET-4752/news/Launch-of-an-any-and-all-cash-tender-offer-to-repurchase-its-bonds-due-May-2025-and-potential-issuan-46780593/,Launch of an any and all cash tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025 and potential issuance of new sustainability-linked bonds,(marketscreener.com) Paris  21 May 2024  8:50 a.m. PRESS RELEASE Eramet: Launch of an any and all cash tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025 and potential issuance of new sustainability-linked bonds Eramet announces today:       the launch of a te…,Paris  21 May 2024  8:50 a.m.PRESS RELEASEEramet: Launch of an any and all cash tender offer to repurchase its bonds due May 2025 and potential issuance of new sustainability-linked bondsEramet (the “Company”) announces today:(i) the launch of a tender offer to repurchase for cash any and all of its €300 million bonds due May 2025 issued on 21 November 2019 (ISIN: FR0013461274)  of which € 293 600 000 are currently outstanding  and which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (the “Existing Bonds”) (the “Tender Offer”); and(ii) its intention  subject to market conditions  to issue new sustainability-linked bonds denominated in euros concomitantly with the Tender Offer (the “New Bonds”).The Tender Offer is made under the terms and conditions set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum dated 21 May 2024. This Tender Offer is  in particular  conditional upon the successful completion (in the sole and absolute determination of the Company) of the issue of the New Bonds. An application for admission to trading of the New Bonds on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris should be made. The net proceeds of the New Bonds would be used for general corporate purposes of the Company  including to refinance part of the Existing Bonds to be purchased in the context of the Tender Offer.A mechanism of priority allocation in the New Bonds may be applied at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company for holders of the Existing Bonds who participate in the Tender Offer and who wish to subscribe to the New Bonds.The purpose of this Tender Offer and the contemplated issue of the New Bonds is  amongst other things  to proactively manage the Company’s debt profile and to extend its average maturity.Final results of the Tender Offer will be announced as soon as practicable after the pricing of the Tender Offer which is expected on 30 May 2024 (subject to any extension  withdrawal  termination or amendment of this Tender Offer).DISCLAIMERThis press release does not constitute an offer to subscribe to the New Bonds nor an invitation to participate in the Tender Offer in or from any country or jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer would be unlawful under the applicable laws and regulations.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”). This press release does not constitute and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or otherwise There is no assurance that the Tender Offer will be completed or  if completed  as to the terms on which it is completed.The issue of the New Bonds is not being subject to a public offering in any country or jurisdiction  including in France  to any person other than qualified investors (as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation). Tenders of Existing Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer from qualifying holders shall not be accepted in any circumstances where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Eramet does not make any recommendation as to whether or not qualifying holders should participate in the Tender Offer.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this press release comes should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal and regulatory restrictions.The New Bonds will only be offered outside the United States pursuant to “Regulation S” under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  subject to prevailing market and other conditions. The New Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in “Regulation S” under the Securities Act) (the “U.S. Persons”) absent registration or unless pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer relating to the New Bonds  nor shall it constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.The Tender Offer is not being made or offered and will not be made or offered directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  facsimile transmission  telex  telephone  email and other forms of electronic transmission) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or any facility of a national securities exchange of  or to owners of Existing Bonds who are located in the United States (as defined in Regulation S)  or to  or for the account or benefit of  any U.S. persons and the Existing Bonds may not be tendered in the Tender Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States  by persons located or resident in the United States or by U.S. persons.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a person who is not a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made thereunder to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) a person who is not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.In the United Kingdom  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) are other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The issue of the New Bonds is only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the New Bonds will be directed only to Relevant Persons.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/ No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as not available to retail investors in EEA and in the United Kingdom.Calendar30.05.2024: Shareholders’ General Meeting25.07.2024: Publication of 2024 half-year results24.10.2024: Publication of 2024 Group third-quarter turnoverABOUT ERAMETEramet transforms the Earth’s mineral resources to provide sustainable and responsible solutions to the growth of the industry and to the challenges of the energy transition.Its employees are committed to this through their civic and contributory approach in all the countries where the mining and metallurgical group is present.Manganese  nickel  mineral sands  lithium  and cobalt: Eramet recovers and develops metals that are essential to the construction of a more sustainable world.As a privileged partner of its industrial clients  the Group contributes to making robust and resistant infrastructures and constructions  more efficient means of mobility  safer health tools and more efficient telecommunications devices.Fully committed to the era of metals  Eramet’s ambition is to become a reference for the responsible transformation of the Earth’s mineral resources for living well together.www. eramet .comINVESTOR CONTACTDirector of Investor RelationsSandrine Nourry-DabiT. +33 1 45 38 37 02sandrine.nourrydabi@eramet.comPRESS CONTACTMedia Relations ManagerFanny MounierT. +33 7 65 26 46 83fanny.mounier@eramet.comAttachment,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['cash tender offer', 'new sustainability-linked bonds', 'potential issuance', 'Launch', 'May', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other applicable securities laws', 'national securities exchange', 'U.S. persons', 'general corporate purposes', 'new sustainability-linked bonds', 'The New Bonds', 'The Tender Offer', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'cash tender offer', 'applicable laws', 'Regulation S', 'applicable legal', 'applicable exemption', 'other things', 'other forms', '€300 million bonds', 'Existing Bonds', 'other conditions', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'potential issuance', 'regulated market', 'successful completion', 'absolute determination', 'net proceeds', 'priority allocation', 'absolute discretion', 'debt profile', 'average maturity', 'Final results', 'qualified investors', 'regulatory restrictions', 'United States', 'prevailing market', 'facsimile transmission', 'electronic transmission', 'foreign commerce', 'market conditions', 'public offering', 'qualifying holders', 'other jurisdiction', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'registration requirements', 'Euronext Paris', '21 May', '8:50 a', 'Eramet', 'Launch', 'Company', '21 November', 'ISIN', 'intention', 'euros', 'terms', 'sole', 'issue', 'application', 'admission', 'trading', 'part', 'context', 'mechanism', 'pricing', '30 May', 'extension', 'withdrawal', 'amendment', 'DISCLAIMER', 'invitation', 'country', 'regulations', 'circumstances', 'connection', 'meaning', 'assurance', 'France', 'article', 'Tenders', 'purchase', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'account', 'benefit', 'sale', 'use', 'mails', 'means', 'instrumentality', 'limitation', 'telex', 'telephone', 'email', 'interstate', 'facility', 'owners']",2025-05-22,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROULARTA-MEDIA-GROUP-N-V-6007/news/Roularta-Media-N-REGULATED-INFORMATION-Minutes-of-the-general-meeting-of-Roularta-Media-Group-46785595/,Roularta Media N : REGULATED INFORMATION - Minutes of the general meeting of Roularta Media Group,(marketscreener.com)   Following the general meeting of the listed company Roularta Media Group   which was held today  further commentary was provided on the forecasts for 2024 as announced in the press release concerning the 2023 figures.    Income fro…,Following the general meeting of the listed company Roularta Media Group (RMG)  which was held today  further commentary was provided on the forecasts for 2024 as announced in the press release concerning the 2023 figures.Income from readership is continuing to develop positively  thanks to good recruitment for digital subscriptions and growing recruitment for print subscriptions through digital channels. A new  young audience is discovering the group's digital range through 'Mijn Magazines' (My Magazines): the app  digital kiosk and 24/24 website that offer all the content from all the group's editorial teams (Knack  Weekend Knack  Focus Knack  Trends  Plus Magazine  Libelle  Flair  Feeling  etc. with all their French-language counterparts).Distribution costs will rise less than feared  given that the RMG papers and magazines are delivered with the normal delivery rounds for letters and parcels  and the deadlines for deliveries to the distributor will be adjusted. Additionally  the application of the tax credit will reduce distribution costs. RMG's papers and magazines will mainly be distributed by bpost  with another distributor possibly distributing a limited volume.Given the uncertain economic context  however  pressure on advertising income should be borne in mind.The costs of energy and raw materials have apparently stopped rising the way they were in the recent past. Nonetheless  the group is continuing to commit to efficiency measures to counter the persistent inflation in Belgium.Revenue from line extensions (travel  books  design  cuisine  etc.) is expected to remain roughly stable.Today  the general meeting approved the board of directors' proposal to pay a gross dividend of 1.00 EUR (net 0.70 EUR) per share for the 2023 financial year  in the form of an optional dividend. This will result in a gross dividend yield of 9.09% on the closing price of the shares on 20 May 2024.From Friday 24 May (start date of the option period) onwards  the RMG shareholders have the option to contribute their dividend to the RMG capital under the following conditions:Contribution for the net dividend: 0.70 EUR per dividend right;Contribution ratio: 13 dividend rights per new share;Issue price per new share: 9.10 EUR  or a discount of 8.91% to the volume-weighted average share price as published daily on Euronext Brussels ('VWAP') during the period from 2 May to 16 May 2024  after deduction of the gross dividend;Contribution period from 24 May until 7 June at 16 p.m.;Delivery of the new shares: on or around 12 June 2024;Participation in the results: from 1 January 2024 onwards.Shareholders who do not make their choice known before the end of the contribution period will automatically receive the net dividend in cash from 12 June 2024 onwards. ING will act as the financial centraliser.The reference shareholder Koinon NV has expressed its intention to contribute all its dividend rights to the capital of Roularta Media Group NV.The general meeting has approved the reappointment of Verana NV  represented by its permanent representative Ms Coralie Claeys  as a non-executive director for a period of four years (up to and including the general meeting in 2028).The proposal by the board of directors to extend the board of directors to include a new member  Mr Louis De Nolf  was also approved by the general meeting. Louis De Nolf has been appointed as a non-executive director for a period of four years (up to and including the general meeting in 2028). The board of directors believes that Louis De Nolf (40)  who gained experience at VTM and Roularta before becoming the general manager of the PR and communications firm Duomedia in 2013  will make a positive contribution to the deliberation and decision making by the board of directors  which will henceforth have ten members.At the board of directors' proposal  with advice from both the audit committee and the works council  the general meeting has decided to appoint Ernst & Young Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  represented by Ms Lieve Cornelis  as the statutory auditor  for a period of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 and ending after the approval of the annual financial statements for the financial year that closes on 31 December 2026. Ernst & Young Bedrijfsrevisoren has also been entrusted with the assurance task of consolidated sustainability reporting (under the CSRD directive).Financial calendar for shareholdersEx-date of dividend: 22 May 2024Record date of dividend: 23 May 2024Start of dividend option period: 24 May 2024End of dividend option period: 7 June 2024 - 16 p.m.Dividend payment date: 12 June 2024Half-yearly results for 2024: 14 August 2024About Roularta Media GroupRoularta Media Group (RMG) is a listed multimedia group with more than 1 200 employees and a total revenue of 323 million euros. In Belgium  RMG is the market leader in magazines in Dutch and French. In the Netherlands  RMG has the second-largest portfolio of magazine brands. In Germany  RMG is the market leader in media for the over-fifties. RMG has a hypermodern offset printing works  Roularta Printing  that serves all the major media companies in the Benelux region and the surrounding countries. RMG has powerful digital tools  such as the app 'Mijn Magazines'  with a digital kiosk  a 24/24 website with input from all the editorial teams and subscriptions that are accessible to the whole family. The sustainability programme Roularta Cares makes RMG a trendsetter in the field of sustainability in the media sector.In eighth place  and as one of the companies making the most significant progress  Roularta Media Group has joined the top ten most attractive employers in Belgium according to Randstad's most recent Employer Brand Research (2024).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.29,0.46,True,English,"['Roularta Media N', 'Roularta Media Group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'general meeting', 'Minutes', 'Mr Louis De Nolf', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'Roularta Media Group NV', 'uncertain economic context', 'Ms Coralie Claeys', 'Ms Lieve Cornelis', 'annual financial statements', 'Young Bedrijfsrevisoren BV', 'normal delivery rounds', 'new, young audience', 'gross dividend yield', 'Dividend payment date', 'dividend option period', 'closing price', 'Issue price', 'Koinon NV', 'Verana NV', 'new share', 'Record date', 'multimedia group', '2023 financial year', 'financial centraliser', 'new member', 'Financial calendar', 'optional dividend', 'net dividend', 'dividend right', 'general meeting', 'listed company', 'press release', 'good recruitment', 'digital subscriptions', 'growing recruitment', 'print subscriptions', 'digital channels', 'digital range', 'digital kiosk', '24/24 website', 'editorial teams', 'Plus Magazine', 'French-language counterparts', 'tax credit', 'limited volume', 'raw materials', 'recent past', 'efficiency measures', 'persistent inflation', 'line extensions', 'following conditions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'reference shareholder', 'permanent representative', 'executive director', 'four years', 'general manager', 'communications firm', 'decision making', 'ten members', 'audit committee', 'works council', 'statutory auditor', 'three years', 'assurance task', 'sustainability reporting', 'CSRD directive', '323 million euros', 'market leader', 'second-largest portfolio', 'magazine brands', 'start date', 'Contribution ratio', 'positive contribution', 'Weekend Knack', 'Focus Knack', 'Distribution costs', 'Contribution period', 'advertising income', 'Half-yearly results', 'total revenue', 'Mijn Magazines', 'My Magazines', 'Friday 24 May', 'RMG papers', 'RMG capital', 'RMG shareholders', ""directors' proposal"", 'shares', '20 May', '2 May', '16 May', '23 May', 'commentary', 'forecasts', '2023 figures', 'readership', 'app', 'content', 'Trends', 'Libelle', 'Flair', 'Feeling', 'letters', 'parcels', 'deadlines', 'deliveries', 'distributor', 'bpost', 'pressure', 'mind', 'energy', 'Belgium', 'travel', 'books', 'design', 'cuisine', 'board', 'form', 'discount', 'VWAP', 'deduction', '7 June', '12 June', 'Participation', '1 January', 'choice', 'cash', 'intention', 'experience', 'VTM', 'Duomedia', 'deliberation', 'advice', 'Ernst', '31 December', 'Ex-date', '14 August', '1,200 employees', 'Dutch', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'fifties', 'hypermodern', '2024', '1.00', '9.09', '8.', '22']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ikonisys-hospitex-expands-in-ukraine-through-a-partnership-with-diagen-llc-to-fight-cancer-93CH-3450464,Ikonisys: Hospitex Expands in Ukraine through a Partnership with Diagen LLC to Fight Cancer By Investing.com,Ikonisys: Hospitex Expands in Ukraine through a Partnership with Diagen LLC to Fight Cancer,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  today announces that Hospitex has signed a new distribution partnership in Ukraine with Diagen LLC  a leading Ukrainian distributor and laboratory services provider. This collaboration aims at reinforcing the Company's commitment to the global fight against cancer.Despite the challenging environment amidst the war  this strategic alliance represents a significant step in Hospitex's mission to enhance the accessibility of advanced cancer diagnostic tools and treatments and make innovative healthcare solutions available to those who need them most. The market for cytology in Ukraine is substantial with a growing emphasis on early cancer detection and preventive healthcare. Urinary cytology is also becoming more significant  with thousands of tests performed each year to diagnose and monitor urinary tract cancers. By introducing Hospitex's advanced diagnostic products into this market  the aim is to significantly enhance the accuracy and efficiency of critical tests.In the framework of this partnership  Diagen LLC will both distribute Hospitex's cutting-edge technologies and use them in its own laboratory  particularly for Pap smear tests and urinary cytology. Thanks to Hospitex's expertise  Diagen LLC will enable Ukrainian healthcare professionals to have access to reliable and precise diagnostic tools.Partnering with Diagen LLC in Ukraine during such tumultuous times is a testament to our dedication to the global fight against cancer and its spread worldwide  said Francesco Trisolini  CEO of Hospitex. We believe that every patient  regardless of their circumstances  deserves the best possible care. This initiative once again demonstrates our commitment to supporting healthcare systems and providing crucial medical supplies where they are most needed. Our new distributor and partner  Diagen LLC  shares our vision and commitment to improving healthcare outcomes. Together  we will focus on ensuring that even amidst adversity  the fight against cancer continues unabated.The first delivery to Diagen LLC has recently been recorded contributing to H1 2024 Hospitex's revenue. The next phase of this collaboration consists into introducing Ikonisys' products into the Ukrainian market  further enhancing diagnostic capabilities and patient care.Mario Crovetto  CEO of Ikonisys  declares: We are thrilled to announce this new milestone as our ambition to contribute to the fight against cancer globally is very high. We look forward to providing active support to this territory in the midst of conflict and improve the lives of the population in need there.This collaboration is part of Hospitex's and Ikonisys' broader strategy to expand their global footprint and provide essential medical technology to underserved regions. By enhancing their distribution network  the Companies are taking proactive steps to address the global burden of cancer  delivering hope and improved health outcomes to communities in need.About Hospitex InternationalHospitex International is the world leading company for cytology standardized monolayer preparations. With CYTOfast it has re-invented the cytological diagnostics. Hospitex offers a full range of integrated solutions aimed at streamlining diagnostic processes in cytology. The global shortage of expertise in pathology requires tools and technologies that enable diagnostic safety  efficiency and capacity building. In this area  Hospitex is recognized as the precision diagnostics player in cytology.For more information: https://www.hospitex.com/en/About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20 ® and Ikoniscope20max ® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.ikonisys-finance.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521453082/en/Hospitex InternationalMarco TestiniInvestor Relationsmarco.testini@hospitex.comIkonisysAlessandro MauriCFOinvestors@ikonisys.comNewCapLouis-Victor Delouvrier/AurÃ©lie ManavarereInvestor Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94NewCapNicolas MerigeauMedia Relationsikonisys@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Source: Ikonisys",neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['Diagen LLC', 'Ikonisys', 'Hospitex', 'Ukraine', 'Partnership', 'Cancer', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', 'unique, fully automated solution', 'several automated diagnostic applications', 'cytology standardized monolayer preparations', 'advanced cancer diagnostic tools', 'crucial medical supplies', 'essential medical technology', 'other similar variants', 'advanced diagnostic products', 'precision diagnostics player', 'precise diagnostic tools', 'best possible care', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'Pap smear tests', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'leading Ukrainian distributor', 'Ukrainian healthcare professionals', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'laboratory services provider', 'innovative healthcare solutions', 'Euronext Growth Paris', ""Ikonisys' broader strategy"", 'world leading company', 'urinary tract cancers', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'new distribution partnership', 'automated solutions', 'early cancer detection', 'diagnostic capabilities', 'diagnostic processes', 'diagnostic safety', 'new distributor', 'cytological diagnostics', 'distribution network', 'preventive healthcare', 'healthcare systems', 'healthcare outcomes', 'new tests', 'integrated solutions', 'critical tests', 'new milestone', 'New Haven', 'Urinary cytology', ""Ikonisys' products"", 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Diagen LLC', 'challenging environment', 'strategic alliance', 'significant step', 'growing emphasis', 'tumultuous times', 'Francesco Trisolini', 'first delivery', 'next phase', 'Ukrainian market', 'patient care', 'Mario Crovetto', 'active support', 'global footprint', 'underserved regions', 'proactive steps', 'global burden', 'health outcomes', 'full range', 'global shortage', 'capacity building', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20 ®', 'Ikoniscope20max ® platforms', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'historical data', 'accurate detection', 'reliable detection', 'Ikonisys SA', 'global fight', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'forward-looking statements', 'H1 2024 Hospitex', 'Hospitex International', 'ALIKO', 'Ukraine', 'collaboration', 'commitment', 'mission', 'accessibility', 'treatments', 'thousands', 'aim', 'accuracy', 'efficiency', 'framework', 'expertise', 'testament', 'dedication', 'spread', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'initiative', 'vision', 'adversity', 'revenue', 'ambition', 'territory', 'midst', 'conflict', 'lives', 'population', 'need', 'Companies', 'hope', 'communities', 'CYTOfast', 'pathology', 'area', 'information', 'Connecticut', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'finance', 'prospects', 'development', 'use', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41357,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-N-V-13074772/news/Heineken-Silver-is-on-a-mission-to-end-bitterness-starting-with-one-of-the-biggest-love-hate-relati-46781066/,Heineken Silver is on a mission to end bitterness  starting with one of the biggest love-hate relationships in Marvel Studios' “Deadpool & Wolverine”,(marketscreener.com) Heineken Silver Teams Up with “Deadpool & Wolverine” for New Summer Campaign WHITE PLAINS  N.Y.  May 21  2024 -- Today the new world-class light beer  Heineken Silver  announced that they will once again be stepping into the Marvel Cinema…,"Heineken Silver Teams Up with “Deadpool & Wolverine” for New Summer CampaignWHITE PLAINS  N.Y.  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today the new world-class light beer  Heineken Silver  announced that they will once again be stepping into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU)  this time to celebrate the release of Marvel Studios’ “Deadpool & Wolverine”  in U.S. theaters July 26.The collaboration will include an exciting  new creative campaign featuring the film's stars Ryan Reynolds (Deadpool) and Hugh Jackman (Wolverine)  where fans will see how Heineken Silver is the perfect bridge to help resolve the bitterness between Deadpool and Wolverine.In the spot  Deadpool entices Wolverine to rise above hostility  offering to instead share a Heineken Silver rather than fight. The campaign will include a television spot  in-store promotion  as well as digital and social media support.“One thing that Deadpool and Wolverine can agree on is that Toad is not in anyone’s top 10 mutants. But that’s not why you’re here. The other thing we agree on is that we’re happy to be entering the MCU with Heineken Silver. Nothing gets you through the long and frequently confusing days in the multiverse like the crisp & refreshing taste of Heineken Silver ” said Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman  in a first ever joint statement.Heineken Silver is meant for those who are looking to reach out and connect with people around them with a more accessible and less bitter taste. With only 2.9 carbs and 95 calories this world-class light beer has all the taste  with no bitter endings.“We are thrilled with the opportunity to continue building our presence within the Marvel Cinematic Universe  this time through a unique collaboration that will leave MCU fans without any bitter ending ” said Jonnie Cahill  Chief Marketing Officer at Heineken USA. “This team-up will give viewers a special opportunity to see Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) and Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) set aside their differences over a beer  which is what Heineken Silver is all about - rising above bitterness to come together over a world-class beer.”“We’re excited to be bringing Heineken into the MCU fold again ” said Holly Frank  VP of Partnership Management & Operations for Marvel Studios titles. “Heineken Silver is all about ditching bitterness  so seeing how Deadpool and Wolverine could potentially do the same in a spot made for an exciting storytelling opportunity. Plus  Heineken is giving fans more of what they want with this campaign – Deadpool & Wolverine!”Coming as a continuation of Heineken Silver’s All The Taste  No Bitter Endings campaign  this collaboration expands on Heineken’s rich history of film integrations. Since 2021  Heineken has been building its relationship with Marvel Studios  including integrations within Marvel Studios’ “The Falcon & The Winter Soldier” as well as a Super Bowl campaign with Marvel Studios’ “Ant-Man & The Wasp: Quantumania.”About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY)About MARVEL STUDIOS’ DEADPOOL & WOLVERINEMarvel Studios’ “Deadpool & Wolverine” delivers the ultimate  iconic  cinematic team-up throwdown in U.S. theaters July 26.Media contact:Anna ThrussellAnna.thrussell@wearetheromans.comPhotos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/28917faf-7635-40f8-ab62-c607cffd6a87https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c6be19fb-9037-4ca5-8fe5-d7849d8a6bee",negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,mixed,0.58,0.33,0.09,True,English,"['biggest love-hate relationships', 'Heineken Silver', 'Marvel Studios', 'mission', 'bitterness', 'Deadpool', 'Wolverine', 'ultimate, iconic, cinematic team-up throwdown', 'Heineken® Holding N.V. shares', 'first ever joint statement', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'exciting, new creative campaign', 'new world-class light beer', 'Marvel Cinematic Universe', 'New Summer Campaign', 'Heineken® N.V.', 'U.S. theaters', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'social media support', 'exciting storytelling opportunity', 'Super Bowl campaign', 'long-term brand investment', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'The Winter Soldier', 'Marvel Studios titles', 'Bitter Endings campaign', 'less bitter taste', 'MARVEL STUDIOS’ DEADPOOL', 'WOLVERINE Marvel Studios', 'ordinary shares', 'N.Y.', 'world-class beer', 'other thing', 'Partnership Management', 'Media contact', 'Heineken® brand', 'premium beer', 'The Falcon', 'The Wasp', 'WHITE PLAINS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Ryan Reynolds', 'Hugh Jackman', 'perfect bridge', 'store promotion', 'One thing', 'top 10 mutants', 'confusing days', 'Jonnie Cahill', 'special opportunity', 'Holly Frank', 'rich history', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'Heineken Silver', 'Heineken USA', 'refreshing taste', 'MCU fold', 'Better World', 'television spot', 'unique collaboration', 'ditching bitterness', 'film integrations', 'Anna Thrussell', 'MCU fans', 'release', 'stars', 'hostility', 'digital', 'Toad', 'Nothing', 'multiverse', 'crisp', 'people', 'accessible', '2.9 carbs', '95 calories', 'presence', 'viewers', 'differences', 'VP', 'Operations', 'continuation', 'relationship', 'Ant-Man', 'Quantumania', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'wearetheromans', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', '917faf', 'd7849d8a6bee']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41358,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Appoints-Dr-Hanneke-Schuitemaker-Ph-D-as-Chief-Scientific-Officer-46778306/,Valneva Appoints Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker  Ph.D. as Chief Scientific Officer,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   May 21  2024 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announced the appointment of Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker  Ph.D. as Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Committee member  effective June 3  2024. Valneva decid…,"Saint-Herblain (France)  May 21  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced the appointment of Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker  Ph.D. as Chief Scientific Officer (CSO) and Executive Committee member  effective June 3  2024.Valneva decided to complement its Executive Team with an accomplished R&D leader to oversee the further evolution of the Company´s R&D portfolio. Specifically  Dr. Schuitemaker will focus on accelerating Valneva’s pre-clinical and translational R&D activities in support of the Company’s strategic ambition to provide first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.Dr. Schuitemaker brings more than two decades of experience in vaccine discovery and development. She formerly served as Global Head of Viral Vaccine Discovery and Translational Medicine at Johnson & Johnson (J&J)  with responsibility for the strategy and execution of vaccine programs on COVID-19  HIV  RSV  Ebola  and multiple other viral disease targets for almost 14 years. Prior to J&J  she worked at Sanquin  The Netherlands’ Blood Supply Foundation  and at Amsterdam University Medical Center  where she conducted research on the pathogenesis of HIV. She has a unique and solid scientific background  which is notably reflected in more than 350 scientific publications.Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  said  “Hanneke’s addition to our team represents an important step in further strengthening Valneva’s strategic leadership  especially as we continue to build our R&D portfolio beyond our advanced clinical programs against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus. Innovation is a foundation of Valneva’s culture and strategy  and we are confident that her expertise and vision will be key in this regard.”Dr. Schuitemaker  newly appointed Chief Scientific Officer of Valneva  added  “I am extremely excited to join the fantastic team at Valneva to help strengthen the pipeline and contribute to the design and development of novel vaccines against infectious diseases. Valneva has already accomplished a great deal  having brought three vaccines from early R&D to approval1  including the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine2  and I can’t wait to join the organization.”About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Media & Investor ContactsLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comValneva Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 This statement refers to Valneva and its predecessor Intercell2 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.18,0.47,True,English,"['Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Ph.D.', 'Valneva', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'The Netherlands’ Blood Supply Foundation', 'other global public health threats', 'multiple other viral disease targets', 'Amsterdam University Medical Center', 'accomplished R&D leader', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'translational R&D activities', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'unmet medical needs', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'R&D portfolio', 'early R&D', 'Viral Vaccine Discovery', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'strong track record', 'Laëtitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'European credit crisis', 'earlier clinical trials', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'solid scientific background', 'Executive Committee member', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'advanced clinical programs', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'future clinical trials', 'specialty vaccine company', 'growing commercial business', 'advanced clinical development', 'class vaccine solutions', 'Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Valneva Forward-Looking Statements', 'multiple vaccines', 'vaccine programs', 'three vaccines', 'Ph.D.', 'Global Head', 'Translational Medicine', 'Investor Contacts', '350 scientific publications', 'vaccine candidates', 'Dr. Schuitemaker', 'chikungunya virus', 'commercial infrastructure', 'Executive Team', 'vaccine pipeline', 'novel vaccines', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'Euronext Paris', 'strategic ambition', 'two decades', 'J&J', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'important step', 'strategic leadership', 'infectious diseases', 'great deal', 'targeted approach', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'press release', 'actual results', 'future results', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'fantastic team', 'deep expertise', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'appointment', 'CSO', 'evolution', 'support', 'first', 'experience', 'Johnson', 'responsibility', 'strategy', 'execution', 'COVID-19', 'HIV', 'RSV', 'Ebola', '14 years', 'Sanquin', 'research', 'pathogenesis', 'unique', 'addition', 'Innovation', 'culture', 'vision', 'regard', 'design', 'approval', 'world', 'organization', 'specialized', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer', 'Media', 'laetitia', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41359,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/heineken-silver-is-on-a-mission-to-end-bitterness-starting-with-one-of-the-biggest-lovehate-relationships-in-marvel-studios-deadpool--wolverine-93CH-3449195,Heineken Silver is on a mission to end bitterness  starting with one of the biggest love-hate relationships in Marvel Studios' Deadpool & Wolverine By Investing.com,Heineken Silver is on a mission to end bitterness  starting with one of the biggest love-hate relationships in Marvel Studios' Deadpool & Wolverine,"WHITE PLAINS  N.Y.  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today the new world-class light beer  Heineken (AS: ) Silver  announced that they will once again be stepping into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU)  this time to celebrate the release of Marvel Studios' Deadpool & Wolverine  in U.S. theaters July 26.The collaboration will include an exciting  new creative campaign featuring the film's stars Ryan Reynolds (Deadpool) and Hugh Jackman (Wolverine)  where fans will see how Heineken Silver is the perfect bridge to help resolve the bitterness between Deadpool and Wolverine.In the spot  Deadpool entices Wolverine to rise above hostility  offering to instead share a Heineken Silver rather than fight. The campaign will include a television spot  in-store promotion  as well as digital and social media support.One thing that Deadpool and Wolverine can agree on is that Toad is not in anyone's top 10 mutants. But that's not why you're here. The other thing we agree on is that we're happy to be entering the MCU with Heineken Silver. Nothing gets you through the long and frequently confusing days in the multiverse like the crisp & refreshing taste of Heineken Silver  said Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman  in a first ever joint statement.Heineken Silver is meant for those who are looking to reach out and connect with people around them with a more accessible and less bitter taste. With only 2.9 carbs and 95 calories this world-class light beer has all the taste  with no bitter endings.We are thrilled with the opportunity to continue building our presence within the Marvel Cinematic Universe  this time through a unique collaboration that will leave MCU fans without any bitter ending  said Jonnie Cahill  Chief Marketing Officer at Heineken USA. This team-up will give viewers a special opportunity to see Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) and Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) set aside their differences over a beer  which is what Heineken Silver is all about - rising above bitterness to come together over a world-class beer.We're excited to be bringing Heineken into the MCU fold again  said Holly Frank  VP of Partnership Management & Operations for Marvel Studios titles. Heineken Silver is all about ditching bitterness  so seeing how Deadpool and Wolverine could potentially do the same in a spot made for an exciting storytelling opportunity. Plus  Heineken is giving fans more of what they want with this campaign “ Deadpool & Wolverine!Coming as a continuation of Heineken Silver's All The Taste  No Bitter Endings campaign  this collaboration expands on Heineken's rich history of film integrations. Since 2021  Heineken has been building its relationship with Marvel Studios  including integrations within Marvel Studios' The Falcon & The Winter Soldier as well as a Super Bowl campaign with Marvel Studios' Ant-Man & The Wasp: Quantumania.About Heineken ® HEINEKEN ® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken ® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN ® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken ® N.V. and Heineken ® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN ® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken ® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY (OTC: )) and Heineken ® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY)About MARVEL STUDIOS' DEADPOOL & WOLVERINE Marvel Studios' Deadpool & Wolverine delivers the ultimate  iconic  cinematic team-up throwdown in U.S. theaters July 26.Media contact: Anna ThrussellAnna.thrussell@wearetheromans.comPhotos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/28917faf-7635-40f8-ab62-c607cffd6a87https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c6be19fb-9037-4ca5-8fe5-d7849d8a6beeHeineken Silver Teams Up with Deadpool & Wolverine for New Summer Campaign Heineken Silver Teams Up with Deadpool & Wolverine for New Summer Campaign Heineken Silver Teams Up with Deadpool & Wolverine for New Summer Campaign Heineken Silver Teams Up with Deadpool & Wolverine for New Summer CampaignSource: Heineken",negative,0.04,0.33,0.64,mixed,0.63,0.24,0.12,True,English,"['biggest love-hate relationships', 'Heineken Silver', 'Marvel Studios', 'mission', 'bitterness', 'Deadpool', 'Wolverine', 'Investing', 'ultimate, iconic, cinematic team-up throwdown', 'first ever joint statement', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Heineken ® Holding N.V. shares', 'exciting, new creative campaign', 'New Summer Campaign Source', 'new world-class light beer', 'Marvel Cinematic Universe', 'U.S. theaters', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'Super Bowl campaign', 'social media support', 'exciting storytelling opportunity', 'long-term brand investment', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken ® N.V.', 'The Winter Soldier', 'Marvel Studios titles', 'Bitter Endings campaign', 'less bitter taste', ""MARVEL STUDIOS' DEADPOOL"", 'WOLVERINE Marvel Studios', 'ordinary shares', 'world-class beer', 'N.Y.', 'other thing', 'Media contact', 'premium beer', 'The Falcon', 'The Wasp', 'Heineken ® brand', 'WHITE PLAINS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Ryan Reynolds', 'Hugh Jackman', 'perfect bridge', 'store promotion', 'One thing', 'top 10 mutants', 'confusing days', 'Jonnie Cahill', 'special opportunity', 'Holly Frank', 'Partnership Management', 'rich history', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'cost management', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'Anna ThrussellAnna', 'Heineken USA', 'refreshing taste', 'Heineken Silver', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'MCU fold', 'Better World', 'television spot', 'unique collaboration', 'film integrations', 'MCU fans', 'release', 'stars', 'bitterness', 'hostility', 'digital', 'Toad', 'Nothing', 'multiverse', 'crisp', 'people', 'accessible', '2.9 carbs', '95 calories', 'presence', 'viewers', 'differences', 'VP', 'Operations', 'continuation', 'relationship', 'Ant-Man', 'Quantumania', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'wearetheromans', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', '917faf', 'd7849d8a6bee']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41360,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885241/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8678 £ 24.9732 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.72 % Estimated YTD return 1.16 % 1.64 % Estimated ITD return 178.68 % 149.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.91 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.3093 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9537The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41361,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46778439/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 20 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8678 £ 24.9732 Estimated MTD return 0.65 % 0.72 % Estimated YTD return 1.16 % 1.64 % Estimated ITD return 178.68 % 149.73 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -5.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.91 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.3093 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.9537The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41362,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-Debuts-Ngenea-for-AI-a-Data-Acceleration-Platform-for-GenAI-and-RAG-46783405/,Kalray Debuts Ngenea® for AI  a Data Acceleration Platform for GenAI and RAG,(marketscreener.com) Enables unmatched performance  efficiency by speeding up ingest performance and access to unstructured data from a unified  global namespacehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-Debuts-Ngenea-for-AI-a-D…,Enables unmatched performance  efficiency by speeding up ingest performance and access to unstructured data from a unified  global namespaceKalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a technology innovator building software and hardware solutions that accelerate data-intensive workflows  announced Ngenea® for AI  a new edition of its Kalray Data Acceleration Platform specifically fine-tuned for AI data pipelines. As AI demands new ways to ingest and access massive volumes of data  Ngenea for AI helps teams speed up performance  simplify data management and open their data assets to new AI-powered use cases.Ngenea for AI is the companion to two Ngenea editions for Media & Entertainment and HPC customers  respectively. The new Ngenea for AI empowers AI innovators to speed up their ingest performance and access their unstructured data from a unified  global name space. Kalray debuted Ngenea for AI at Dell Technologies World 2024 in Las Vegas today  where the software’s performance on Dell servers is being showcased in the Kalray Booth #1026.The generative AI (GenAI) market is predicted to see 42% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) across the next 10 years into a $1.3 trillion space  from just $40 billion in 2022 (Bloomberg Intelligence). Yet innovative AI constructs such as large language models (LLMs) and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)  and applications including Smart Vision and GenAI  are challenging the ability of IT systems to move data to and from their massive data stores.ENABLING GENAI AND RAGNgenea for AI adds data indexing and search capabilities  which users can leverage to feed any data to Smart Vision  GenAI and RAG applications effortlessly. The new offering enables AI customers to fully harness their existing assets when deploying GenAI applications  regardless of where the data is stored. These GenAI and RAG capabilities simplify and automate what would otherwise be a complex workflow from a data management aspect.”Fast AI processing is mission-critical to our business of detecting railcar anomalies before they lead to breakdowns or derailments. With Ngenea deployed along with Dell Technologies products  Duos achieved a 120x performance boost on our Railcar Inspection Portal (RIP®) solution  and an 8x increase in inspection accuracy. Working with Kalray helped us put railroads at the forefront of innovation ” said Jeff Necciai  chief technology officer of Duos Technologies.HIGH-PERFORMANCE STORAGE TIER TO FEED GPUS EFFORTLESSLYThe Ngenea for AI platform also incorporates a high-performance storage tier for the most data-intensive AI workloads. The tier is powered by a proven high-performance parallel file system that can easily manage petabytes of data and billions of files – whether data live on the edge  in the cloud  or on premises. This allows customers and partners to maximize the value of their GPU investment  without rip-and-replace deployments.With Ngenea  AI innovators:Accelerate AI workflows by optimizing AI data pipelines and enhancing the overall speed and efficiency of AI operations.by optimizing AI data pipelines and enhancing the overall speed and efficiency of AI operations. Boost the AI model performance by feeding data to GPUs faster  allowing for quicker computations and accelerated insights.by feeding data to GPUs faster  allowing for quicker computations and accelerated insights. Gain advanced data indexing capabilities that enable Generative AI and RAG applications to deliver more refined search functionalities  enabling more effective queries and a more strategic utilization of AI models.that enable Generative AI and RAG applications to deliver more refined search functionalities  enabling more effective queries and a more strategic utilization of AI models. Facilitate a controlled and optimized connection between company data and a suite of third-party AI-powered tools  ensuring seamless integration and data synergy.Optional hardware acceleration via Kalray’s DPUs including the TURBOCARD4 (TC4) allows parallel processing in an asynchronous way for ultra-demanding workflows  via a complementary architecture to GPUs.“Even with the tremendous commitment that C-suite leaders are making to AI  very few CIOs have the sizable budgets required to deploy a new system solely for an AI rollout ” said Scott Sinclair  practice director  infrastructure  and modernization  at the Enterprise Strategy Group TM. “Innovative use cases that enable enterprises to leverage their existing infrastructure and still deploy novel AI applications address a sizable untapped need in the market.”AI TOOLKIT FOR EASY INTEGRATIONNgenea for AI includes an AI Toolkit that Kalray partners can use for easy integration of their applications with Ngenea. For example  when integrating Ngenea with Perifery Vision AI  users can intuitively search for historical content across a vast amount of data on locations  types  and collections.“Traditional data centers weren’t built for massive data sets found in AI workloads – or to process these workloads rapidly and efficiently “ said Eric Baissus  CEO of Kalray. “Kalray’s Ngenea for AI is the data acceleration platform for the AI age – software that elevates performance on existing servers and storage and provides toolkits that streamline application integration. With our software  enterprises and service providers can feed GPUs effortlessly - optimizing data movement and orchestration as the foundation of their infrastructure - so that AI genuinely delivers a competitive edge.“The Ngenea for AI platform joins two other Ngenea editions that streamline application integration for specific use cases: Ngenea for HPC – providing scratch storage  or storage for temporary user data  and Ngenea for Media & Entertainment – to accelerate post-production workflows.Ngenea for AI is available today from Dell  from Kalray and select partners. For more information visit here.ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features Ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  as well as accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet the performance and capacity needs of data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521509685/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.38,0.13,True,English,"['Data Acceleration Platform', 'Kalray', 'Ngenea®', 'AI', 'RAG', 'Enterprise Strategy Group TM', '42% compound annual growth rate', 'unified, global name space', 'unified, global namespace Kalray', 'high-performance parallel file system', 'new AI-powered use cases', 'advanced data indexing capabilities', 'Kalray Data Acceleration Platform', 'Innovative use cases', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'third-party AI-powered tools', 'Optional hardware acceleration', 'HIGH-PERFORMANCE STORAGE TIER', 'refined search functionalities', 'chief technology officer', 'sizable untapped need', 'large language models', 'Dell Technologies World', 'Dell Technologies products', 'Traditional data centers', 'innovative AI constructs', '120x performance boost', 'Railcar Inspection Portal', 'massive data stores', 'massive data sets', 'data management aspect', 'Fast AI processing', 'Perifery Vision AI', 'two Ngenea editions', 'AI data pipelines', 'AI model performance', 'novel AI applications', 'data-intensive AI workloads', 'parallel processing', 'new system', 'search capabilities', '$1.3 trillion space', 'AI platform', 'massive volumes', 'Dell servers', 'technology innovator', 'hardware solutions', 'data-intensive workflows', 'railcar anomalies', 'inspection accuracy', 'sizable budgets', 'new edition', 'new ways', 'Smart Vision', 'new offering', 'AI models', 'RAG capabilities', 'Duos Technologies', 'Kalray Booth', 'unstructured data', 'data assets', 'company data', 'data synergy', 'unmatched performance', 'ingest performance', 'AI innovators', 'Las Vegas', 'generative AI', 'next 10 years', 'Bloomberg Intelligence', 'Retrieval-Augmented Generation', 'IT systems', 'existing assets', 'complex workflow', 'RIP®) solution', '8x increase', 'Jeff Necciai', 'GPU investment', 'AI workflows', 'overall speed', 'AI operations', 'quicker computations', 'effective queries', 'strategic utilization', 'optimized connection', 'seamless integration', 'asynchronous way', 'ultra-demanding workflows', 'complementary architecture', 'tremendous commitment', 'C-suite leaders', 'AI rollout', 'Scott Sinclair', 'practice director', 'AI TOOLKIT', 'EASY INTEGRATION', 'historical content', 'vast amount', 'Eric Baissus', 'HPC customers', 'AI customers', 'Kalray partners', 'new Ngenea', 'RAG applications', 'ENABLING GENAI', 'existing infrastructure', 'GenAI applications', 'The Ngenea', 'GenAI) market', 'Ngenea®', 'efficiency', 'access', 'ALKAL', 'software', 'teams', 'companion', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'CAGR', 'LLMs', 'ability', 'users', 'business', 'breakdowns', 'derailments', 'railroads', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'FEED', 'GPUS', 'petabytes', 'billions', 'files', 'edge', 'cloud', 'premises', 'value', 'deployments', 'accelerated', 'insights', 'controlled', 'DPUs', 'TURBOCARD4', 'CIOs', 'modernization', 'enterprises', 'example', 'locations', 'types', 'collections', '102']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41363,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUNA-KEA-TECHNOLOGIES-8296092/news/Mauna-Kea-Technologies-Announces-the-Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents-for-the-Combined-General-46785536/,Mauna Kea Technologies Announces the Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 6  2024 and the Instructions for Participation,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies   inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy platform  today announced the availability of preparatory documents for the Combined General M…,"Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announced the availability of preparatory documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 6  2024  to be held at 11:00 a.m. at the Company's head office at 9 rue d'Enghien  75010 - Paris.Notice of the meeting  including the agenda  proposed resolutions and instructions for participating and voting at the meeting were published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 1  2024  bulletin n°53  announcement 2400984.This notice of meeting  together with the documents and information relating to the Combined General Meeting and the single voting form  can be accessed via the Company's website in the ""Investors"" section of the Shareholders' Meeting area  at the following address https://www.maunakeatech.com/fr/investisseurs/assemblee-generale.Any shareholder may also obtain the documents referred to above  in accordance with Articles R.225-88 and R.225-89 of the French Commercial Code  by sending a written request to the Company's registered office at 9 rue d'Enghien  75010 Paris. However  the Company invites shareholders to send all requests electronically to the following address ag@maunakeatech.com.Voting proceduresThe Company's shareholders are invited to exercise their voting rights prior to the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the procedures set out below and detailed in the notice of meeting brochure published today on the Company's website:- Voting by mail or by proxy (by giving power of attorney to the Chairman of the Meeting or to a third party  or without specifying a proxy) by VOTACCESS electronic means is available and should be used as a priority. The secure VOTACCESS platform will be open from Friday May 17  2024 at 9 a.m. (Paris time) and will close on Wednesday June 5  2024 at 3 p.m. (Paris time). However  shareholders are strongly advised not to wait until the last few days to enter their voting instructions;- Postal voting or proxy voting;- Shareholders may also attend the Meeting in person.Besides  shareholders may submit written questions to the following e-mail address ag@maunakeatech.com prior to the Annual General Meeting  until midnight on Friday  May 31  2024  providing proof of shareholder status.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 2 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2023 Annual Report filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521898490/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'Instructions', 'Participation', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'French Commercial Code', 'VOTACCESS electronic means', 'secure VOTACCESS platform', 'Combined General Meeting', 'single voting form', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Cellvizio® platform', ""Shareholders' Meeting area"", 'medical specialties', '2023 Annual Report', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'head office', 'Investors"" section', 'following address', 'written request', 'registered office', 'voting rights', 'meeting brochure', 'third party', 'Postal voting', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'wide range', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'financial condition', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'economic conditions', 'securities laws', 'local law', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'forward-looking statements', 'Voting procedures', 'Wednesday June', 'voting instructions', 'mail address', 'shareholder status', 'financial markets', 'preparatory documents', 'proxy voting', 'Paris time', 'numerous risks', 'Friday May', '75010 Paris', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'availability', '11:00 a', 'Enghien', 'Notice', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'participating', 'BALO', 'announcement', 'information', 'website', 'maunakeatech', 'investisseurs', 'assemblee', 'generale', 'accordance', 'Articles', '9 rue', 'requests', 'power', 'attorney', 'Chairman', 'priority', '9 a', 'last', 'days', 'person', 'questions', 'midnight', 'proof', 'real-time', 'technology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'point', 'concern', 'way', 'patients', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'strategies', 'plans', 'objectives', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'April', 'changes', 'material', 'occurrence', 'performance', 'achievements', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'shares', 'jurisdiction', 'sale', 'registration', 'qualification', 'distribution', 'possession']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41364,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/median-technologies-a-world-leading-oncology-clinical-trial-imaging-services-provider-becomes-preferred-vendor-to-another-top-3-pharmaceutical-company-93CH-3450401,Median Technologies  a World Leading Oncology Clinical Trial Imaging Services Provider  Becomes Preferred Vendor to Another Top 3 Pharmaceutical Company By Investing.com,Median Technologies  a World Leading Oncology Clinical Trial Imaging Services Provider  Becomes Preferred Vendor to Another Top 3 Pharmaceutical Company,Median Technologies has been selected as a preferred clinical trial imaging services provider for another leading global pharmaceutical company.Median Technologies is now preferred provider for two of the Top 3 global pharma companies  based on oncology sales1.The pharmaceutical company has one of the largest clinical trial pipelines in oncology and is a new client for Median.The agreement covers late phase oncology trials for which central image readouts are required.The new agreement highlights Median's strength as a leading clinical trial imaging provider in the United States.SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Median Technologies (FR0011049824  ALMDT  PEA/PME scheme eligible  Median or The Company) (Paris:ALMDT) announced today that the Company has been selected as preferred vendor by a Top 3 pharmaceutical company  adding another one of the largest global pharmaceutical companies to its client portfolio. Median Technologies is now preferred provider for two of the Top 3 pharma companies  based on oncology sales2.The Master Service Agreement (MSA) came after an in-depth selection process. The new client has one of the largest oncology pipelines in the world and presents one of the highest R&D to revenue ratios in the pharmaceutical industry3. Median will manage central image reads for late phase clinical trials in the client's oncology pipeline. The MSA is a recognition of Median's performance  quality  and competitiveness for imaging services worldwide.Fredrik Brag  CEO and Founder of Median Technologies said: Median's' iCRO services are best-in-class and recognized as such worldwide. The agreement will ensure stable future bookings and revenues growth for Median  while the Top 3 pharmaceutical company will benefit from improved operational execution using the best technology available in the market. Our recognized expertise in AI applied to medical images  has been a strong technology differentiator during the diverse phases of the negotiation; it represents a unique asset compared to the standard offering of our competitors as well as a major trigger for the acceleration of growth opportunities for our Company  in the era of precision medicine.Nicolas Dano  COO & CCO iCRO  added: The new preferred vendor agreement significantly strengthens our position in the United States. It is the result of our investments to deliver top-tier best-in-class imaging services  our commitment to achieving customer satisfaction  and the wealth of experience acquired in supporting sponsors with their regulatory filings. With the combination of our two offerings  iSee ® for central image reads  and Imaging Lab  iCRO's unique AI-powered imaging offering  we cover a very wide and unique spectrum of imaging services for the pharma industry  from standard image reads to advanced imaging services using cutting edge AI-based technologies. We are proud to support the pharma industry in bringing the next generation of life-saving oncology drugs to market.About Median Technologies: Pioneering in innovative imaging solutions and services  Median Technologies harnesses cutting-edge AI to elevate the accuracy of early cancer diagnoses and cancer treatments. Median's offerings  including iCRO for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and eyonis™  AI/ML tech-based suite of software as medical devices (SaMD)  empower biopharmaceutical entities and clinicians to advance patient care and expedite novel therapies. The French-based company  with a presence in the U.S. and China  is listed on the Euronext Growth stock exchange (ISIN: FR0011049824  ticker: ALMDT). Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME). For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com_ _ _ _ _ _1 Arjun Murthy “ Top 15 biopharma companies by Oncology Sales in 20232 Arjun Murthy “ Top 15 biopharma companies by Oncology Sales in 20233 Update: April 30  2024: https://www.drugdiscoverytrends.com/top-pharma-companies-2023-rd-spend/View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521481552/en/Median TechnologiesEmmanuelle LeyguesHead of Corporate Marketing & Financial Communications+33 6 10 93 58 88emmanuelle.leygues@mediantechnologies.comPress - ALIZE RPCaroline Carmagnol+33 6 64 18 99 59median@alizerp.comInvestors - ACTIFINGhislaine Gasparetto+33 6 21 10 49 24ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comSource: Median Technologies,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['World Leading Oncology Clinical Trial Imaging Services Provider', 'Top 3 Pharmaceutical Company', 'Median Technologies', 'Vendor', 'Investing', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'preferred clinical trial imaging services provider', 'leading clinical trial imaging provider', 'largest clinical trial pipelines', 'late phase clinical trials', 'Euronext Growth stock exchange', 'cutting edge AI-based technologies', 'largest global pharmaceutical companies', 'leading global pharmaceutical company', 'late phase oncology trials', 'Top 3 global pharma companies', 'The Master Service Agreement', 'unique AI-powered imaging offering', 'new preferred vendor agreement', 'Top 15 biopharma companies', 'largest oncology pipelines', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'Top 3 pharma companies', 'advanced imaging services', 'central image readouts', 'depth selection process', 'highest R&D', 'central image reads', 'stable future bookings', 'AI/ML tech-based suite', 'strong technology differentiator', 'standard image reads', 'early cancer diagnoses', 'Top 3 pharmaceutical company', 'medical image analysis', 'life-saving oncology drugs', 'class imaging services', 'PEA/PME scheme', 'standard offering', 'Imaging Lab', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'The Company', 'new agreement', 'pharma industry', 'revenues growth', 'unique asset', 'growth opportunities', 'unique spectrum', 'best technology', 'cancer treatments', 'medical images', 'medical devices', 'oncology sales', 'new client', 'French-based company', 'iCRO services', 'The MSA', 'United States', 'SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'revenue ratios', 'Fredrik Brag', 'operational execution', 'diverse phases', 'major trigger', 'precision medicine', 'Nicolas Dano', 'customer satisfaction', 'regulatory filings', 'next generation', 'biopharmaceutical entities', 'patient care', 'novel therapies', 'U.S.', '1 Arjun Murthy', 'Corporate Marketing', 'Financial Communications', 'ALIZE RP', 'Caroline Carmagnol', 'client portfolio', 'Median Technologies', 'CCO iCRO', 'two offerings', 'cutting-edge AI', 'source version', 'Emmanuelle Leygues', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'strength', 'France', 'ALMDT', 'Paris', 'world', 'recognition', 'performance', 'quality', 'competitiveness', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'expertise', 'negotiation', 'competitors', 'acceleration', 'COO', 'position', 'result', 'investments', 'commitment', 'wealth', 'experience', 'sponsors', 'combination', 'iSee', 'wide', 'accuracy', 'management', 'eyonis™', 'software', 'SaMD', 'clinicians', 'presence', 'China', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'PEA-PME', 'information', 'mediantechnologies', '3 Update', 'April', 'drugdiscoverytrends', 'rd-spend', 'View', 'businesswire', 'Head', 'Press', 'alizerp', 'Investors', 'ACTIFIN', 'seitosei']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,investing.com
41365,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885303/0/en/Heineken-Silver-is-on-a-mission-to-end-bitterness-starting-with-one-of-the-biggest-love-hate-relationships-in-Marvel-Studios-Deadpool-Wolverine.html,Heineken Silver is on a mission to end bitterness  starting with one of the biggest love-hate relationships in Marvel Studios’ “Deadpool & Wolverine”,Heineken Silver Teams Up with “Deadpool & Wolverine” for New Summer Campaign Heineken Silver Teams Up with “Deadpool & Wolverine” for New Summer Campaign,"WHITE PLAINS  N.Y.  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today the new world-class light beer  Heineken Silver  announced that they will once again be stepping into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU)  this time to celebrate the release of Marvel Studios’ “Deadpool & Wolverine”  in U.S. theaters July 26.The collaboration will include an exciting  new creative campaign featuring the film's stars Ryan Reynolds (Deadpool) and Hugh Jackman (Wolverine)  where fans will see how Heineken Silver is the perfect bridge to help resolve the bitterness between Deadpool and Wolverine.In the spot  Deadpool entices Wolverine to rise above hostility  offering to instead share a Heineken Silver rather than fight. The campaign will include a television spot  in-store promotion  as well as digital and social media support.“One thing that Deadpool and Wolverine can agree on is that Toad is not in anyone’s top 10 mutants. But that’s not why you’re here. The other thing we agree on is that we’re happy to be entering the MCU with Heineken Silver. Nothing gets you through the long and frequently confusing days in the multiverse like the crisp & refreshing taste of Heineken Silver ” said Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman  in a first ever joint statement.Heineken Silver is meant for those who are looking to reach out and connect with people around them with a more accessible and less bitter taste. With only 2.9 carbs and 95 calories this world-class light beer has all the taste  with no bitter endings.“We are thrilled with the opportunity to continue building our presence within the Marvel Cinematic Universe  this time through a unique collaboration that will leave MCU fans without any bitter ending ” said Jonnie Cahill  Chief Marketing Officer at Heineken USA. “This team-up will give viewers a special opportunity to see Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) and Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) set aside their differences over a beer  which is what Heineken Silver is all about - rising above bitterness to come together over a world-class beer.”“We’re excited to be bringing Heineken into the MCU fold again ” said Holly Frank  VP of Partnership Management & Operations for Marvel Studios titles. “Heineken Silver is all about ditching bitterness  so seeing how Deadpool and Wolverine could potentially do the same in a spot made for an exciting storytelling opportunity. Plus  Heineken is giving fans more of what they want with this campaign – Deadpool & Wolverine!”Coming as a continuation of Heineken Silver’s All The Taste  No Bitter Endings campaign  this collaboration expands on Heineken’s rich history of film integrations. Since 2021  Heineken has been building its relationship with Marvel Studios  including integrations within Marvel Studios’ “The Falcon & The Winter Soldier” as well as a Super Bowl campaign with Marvel Studios’ “Ant-Man & The Wasp: Quantumania.”About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY)About MARVEL STUDIOS’ DEADPOOL & WOLVERINEMarvel Studios’ “Deadpool & Wolverine” delivers the ultimate  iconic  cinematic team-up throwdown in U.S. theaters July 26.Media contact:Anna ThrussellAnna.thrussell@wearetheromans.comPhotos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/28917faf-7635-40f8-ab62-c607cffd6a87https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c6be19fb-9037-4ca5-8fe5-d7849d8a6bee",negative,0.03,0.28,0.69,mixed,0.59,0.29,0.12,True,English,"['biggest love-hate relationships', 'Heineken Silver', 'Marvel Studios', 'mission', 'bitterness', 'Deadpool', 'Wolverine', 'ultimate, iconic, cinematic team-up throwdown', 'Heineken® Holding N.V. shares', 'first ever joint statement', 'level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'exciting, new creative campaign', 'new world-class light beer', 'Marvel Cinematic Universe', 'Heineken® N.V.', 'U.S. theaters', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'social media support', 'exciting storytelling opportunity', 'long-term brand investment', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Super Bowl campaign', 'The Winter Soldier', 'Marvel Studios titles', 'Bitter Endings campaign', 'less bitter taste', 'MARVEL STUDIOS’ DEADPOOL', 'WOLVERINE Marvel Studios', 'ordinary shares', 'N.Y.', 'world-class beer', 'other thing', 'Partnership Management', 'Media contact', 'Heineken® brand', 'premium beer', 'The Falcon', 'The Wasp', 'WHITE PLAINS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Ryan Reynolds', 'Hugh Jackman', 'perfect bridge', 'store promotion', 'One thing', 'top 10 mutants', 'confusing days', 'Jonnie Cahill', 'special opportunity', 'Holly Frank', 'rich history', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'two sponsored', 'ADR) programmes', 'Heineken Silver', 'Heineken USA', 'refreshing taste', 'MCU fold', 'Better World', 'television spot', 'unique collaboration', 'ditching bitterness', 'film integrations', 'Anna Thrussell', 'MCU fans', 'release', 'stars', 'hostility', 'digital', 'Toad', 'Nothing', 'multiverse', 'crisp', 'people', 'accessible', '2.9 carbs', '95 calories', 'presence', 'viewers', 'differences', 'VP', 'Operations', 'continuation', 'relationship', 'Ant-Man', 'Quantumania', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'wearetheromans', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', '917faf', 'd7849d8a6bee']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IKONISYS-S-A-124707080/news/Ikonisys-Hospitex-Expands-in-Ukraine-through-a-Partnership-with-Diagen-LLC-to-Fight-Cancer-46785906/,Ikonisys: Hospitex Expands in Ukraine through a Partnership with Diagen LLC to Fight Cancer,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA   a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  today announces that Hospitex has signed a new distribut…,"Regulatory News:Ikonisys SA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALIKO)  a company specializing in the early and accurate detection of cancers through a unique  fully automated solution for medical analysis laboratories  today announces that Hospitex has signed a new distribution partnership in Ukraine with Diagen LLC  a leading Ukrainian distributor and laboratory services provider. This collaboration aims at reinforcing the Company’s commitment to the global fight against cancer.Despite the challenging environment amidst the war  this strategic alliance represents a significant step in Hospitex’s mission to enhance the accessibility of advanced cancer diagnostic tools and treatments and make innovative healthcare solutions available to those who need them most. The market for cytology in Ukraine is substantial with a growing emphasis on early cancer detection and preventive healthcare. Urinary cytology is also becoming more significant  with thousands of tests performed each year to diagnose and monitor urinary tract cancers. By introducing Hospitex's advanced diagnostic products into this market  the aim is to significantly enhance the accuracy and efficiency of critical tests.In the framework of this partnership  Diagen LLC will both distribute Hospitex's cutting-edge technologies and use them in its own laboratory  particularly for Pap smear tests and urinary cytology. Thanks to Hospitex’s expertise  Diagen LLC will enable Ukrainian healthcare professionals to have access to reliable and precise diagnostic tools.“Partnering with Diagen LLC in Ukraine during such tumultuous times is a testament to our dedication to the global fight against cancer and its spread worldwide”  said Francesco Trisolini  CEO of Hospitex. “We believe that every patient  regardless of their circumstances  deserves the best possible care. This initiative once again demonstrates our commitment to supporting healthcare systems and providing crucial medical supplies where they are most needed. Our new distributor and partner  Diagen LLC  shares our vision and commitment to improving healthcare outcomes. Together  we will focus on ensuring that even amidst adversity  the fight against cancer continues unabated.”The first delivery to Diagen LLC has recently been recorded contributing to H1 2024 Hospitex’s revenue. The next phase of this collaboration consists into introducing Ikonisys’ products into the Ukrainian market  further enhancing diagnostic capabilities and patient care.Mario Crovetto  CEO of Ikonisys  declares: “We are thrilled to announce this new milestone as our ambition to contribute to the fight against cancer globally is very high. We look forward to providing active support to this territory in the midst of conflict and improve the lives of the population in need there.”This collaboration is part of Hospitex’s and Ikonisys’ broader strategy to expand their global footprint and provide essential medical technology to underserved regions. By enhancing their distribution network  the Companies are taking proactive steps to address the global burden of cancer  delivering hope and improved health outcomes to communities in need.About Hospitex InternationalHospitex International is the world leading company for cytology standardized monolayer preparations. With CYTOfast it has re-invented the cytological diagnostics. Hospitex offers a full range of integrated solutions aimed at streamlining diagnostic processes in cytology. The global shortage of expertise in pathology requires tools and technologies that enable diagnostic safety  efficiency and capacity building. In this area  Hospitex is recognized as the precision diagnostics player in cytology.For more information: https://www.hospitex.com/en/About IkonisysIkonisys SA is a cell-based diagnostics company based in Paris (France)  New Haven (Connecticut  USA) and Milan (Italy) specialized in the early and accurate detection of cancer. The company develops  produces and markets the proprietary Ikoniscope20® and Ikoniscope20max® platforms  fully-automated solutions designed to deliver accurate and reliable detection and analysis of rare and very rare cells. Ikonisys has received FDA clearance for several automated diagnostic applications  which are also marketed in Europe under CE certification. Through its breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform  the company continues to develop a stream of new tests  including liquid biopsy tests based on Circulating Tumor Cells (CTC).For further information  please go to www.ikonisys-finance.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's prospects and development. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future tense  the conditional tense and forward-looking words such as ""believe""  ""aim to""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""should""  ""could""  ""would"" or ""will"" or  where appropriate  the negative of these terms or any other similar variants or expressions. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data set forth will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. It is subject to change or modification due to uncertainties relating to the economic  financial  competitive and regulatory environment. This information contains data relating to the Company's intentions  estimates and objectives concerning  in particular  the market  strategy  growth  results  financial situation and cash flow of the Company. The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation. The Company operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment and therefore cannot anticipate all of the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of any one risk or combination of risks could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking information  it being recalled that none of this forward-looking information constitutes a guarantee of actual results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521453082/en/",neutral,0.08,0.88,0.05,mixed,0.51,0.28,0.21,True,English,"['Diagen LLC', 'Ikonisys', 'Hospitex', 'Ukraine', 'Partnership', 'Cancer', 'breakthrough fluorescence microscopy platform', 'unique, fully automated solution', 'several automated diagnostic applications', 'cytology standardized monolayer preparations', 'advanced cancer diagnostic tools', 'crucial medical supplies', 'essential medical technology', 'other similar variants', 'advanced diagnostic products', 'precision diagnostics player', 'precise diagnostic tools', 'best possible care', 'Circulating Tumor Cells', 'Pap smear tests', 'liquid biopsy tests', 'leading Ukrainian distributor', 'Ukrainian healthcare professionals', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'medical analysis laboratories', 'laboratory services provider', 'innovative healthcare solutions', 'Ikonisys’ broader strategy', 'world leading company', 'urinary tract cancers', 'cell-based diagnostics company', 'new distribution partnership', 'automated solutions', 'early cancer detection', 'diagnostic capabilities', 'diagnostic processes', 'diagnostic safety', 'new distributor', 'cytological diagnostics', 'distribution network', 'preventive healthcare', 'healthcare systems', 'healthcare outcomes', 'new tests', 'integrated solutions', 'critical tests', 'new milestone', 'New Haven', 'Urinary cytology', 'Ikonisys’ products', 'Regulatory News', 'Diagen LLC', 'challenging environment', 'strategic alliance', 'significant step', 'growing emphasis', 'tumultuous times', 'Francesco Trisolini', 'first delivery', 'next phase', 'Ukrainian market', 'patient care', 'Mario Crovetto', 'active support', 'global footprint', 'underserved regions', 'proactive steps', 'global burden', 'health outcomes', 'full range', 'global shortage', 'capacity building', 'proprietary Ikoniscope20®', 'Ikoniscope20max® platforms', 'rare cells', 'FDA clearance', 'CE certification', 'press release', 'future tense', 'conditional tense', 'forward-looking words', 'accurate detection', 'reliable detection', 'Ikonisys SA', 'global fight', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical data', 'H1 2024 Hospitex', 'Hospitex International', 'ALIKO', 'Ukraine', 'collaboration', 'commitment', 'mission', 'accessibility', 'treatments', 'thousands', 'aim', 'accuracy', 'efficiency', 'framework', 'expertise', 'testament', 'dedication', 'spread', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'initiative', 'vision', 'adversity', 'revenue', 'ambition', 'territory', 'midst', 'conflict', 'lives', 'population', 'need', 'Companies', 'hope', 'communities', 'CYTOfast', 'pathology', 'area', 'information', 'Connecticut', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Europe', 'stream', 'CTC', 'finance', 'prospects', 'development', 'use', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantee', 'facts']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41367,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/XIOR-STUDENT-HOUSING-NV-25331470/news/Xior-Student-Housing-Publication-minutes-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-16-May-2024-46784447/,Xior Student Housing : Publication minutes of the Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Antwerp  Belgium | 21 May 2024 | 15:30 CET   Regulated information   Publication minutes of the Annual General Meeting of   16 May 2024   Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2024   Xior announces the...h…,At the General Meeting  the proposed gross dividend of 1.768 EUR (1.2376 EUR net) for 2023 was approved by the shareholders (divided between coupons n°23 and 24). The payment date for the dividend is 6 June 2024. On 16 May  Xior also announced the modalities for anoptional dividend.PRESS RELEASEAntwerp  Belgium | 21 May 2024 | 15:30 CETRegulated informationAbout Xior Student HousingXior Student Housing NV is the first Belgian public regulated real estate company (RREC) specialising in the student housing segment in Belgium  the Netherlands  Spain  Portugal  Germany  Poland  Denmark and Sweden. Within this property segment  Xior Student Housing offers a variety of accommodation  ranging from rooms with shared facilities to en-suite rooms and fully equipped studios. Since 2007  as owner-operator  Xior Student Housing has built high-quality  reliable student accommodation for students looking for the ideal place to study  live and relax. A place with that little bit extra  where every student immediately feels at home.Xior Student Housing has been accredited as a public RREC under Belgian law since 24 November 2015. Xior Student Housing's shares have been listed on Euronext Brussels (XIOR) since 11 December 2015. On 31 March 2024  Xior Student Housing held a property portfolio worth approximately EUR 3.19 billion. More information is available at www.xior.be.Xior Student Housing NV  a Public RREC under Belgian law (BE-REIT)Frankrijklei 64-68  2000 Antwerp  BelgiumBE 0547.972.794 (Antwerp Register of Legal Entities  Antwerp Division)DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking information  projections  convictions  opinions and estimates produced by Xior in relation to the expected future performance of Xior and of the market in which it operates ('forward-looking statements'). By nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions  both general and specific  that appear justified at the time at which they are made but which may or may not turn out to be accurate  and there is a risk that the forward-looking statements will not be realised. Some events are difficult to predict and may depend on factors outside of Xior's control. In addition  the forward-looking statements are only valid on the date of this press release. Statements in this press release relating to past trends or activities may not be interpreted as an indication that such trends or activities will persist in future. Neither Xior nor its representatives  officers or advisers can guarantee that the parameters upon which the forward-looking statements are based are free of errors  nor can they indicate  guarantee or predict whether the expected results set out in such a forward-looking statement will ultimately be achieved. Actual profits  the financial situation and Xior's performance or results may therefore differ substantially from the information projected or implied in forward-looking statements. Xior expressly does not accept any obligations or guarantees as to public updates or reviews of forward-looking statements unless required to do so by law. This press release has been prepared in Dutch and has been translated into English and French. In case of discrepancies between the different versions of this press release  the Dutch version will prevail.2,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Xior Student Housing', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Publication minutes', '16 May', 'first Belgian public regulated real estate company', 'high-quality, reliable student accommodation', 'Xior Student Housing NV', '15:30 CET Regulated information', 'student housing segment', 'Belgian law', 'public updates', 'public RREC', 'property segment', 'General Meeting', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'little bit', 'Euronext Brussels', 'property portfolio', 'More information', 'Legal Entities', 'forward-looking information', 'inherent risks', 'forward-looking statement', 'Actual profits', 'financial situation', 'different versions', 'looking statements', 'gross dividend', 'anoptional dividend', 'payment date', 'suite rooms', 'ideal place', 'Antwerp Register', 'Antwerp Division', 'past trends', 'expected results', 'Dutch version', 'future performance', '2000 Antwerp', 'shareholders', 'coupons', '6 June', '16 May', 'modalities', 'Belgium', '21 May', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'Denmark', 'Sweden', 'variety', 'facilities', 'studios', 'operator', 'students', 'home', '24 November', 'shares', '11 December', '31 March', 'REIT', 'Frankrijklei', 'Disclaimer', 'projections', 'convictions', 'opinions', 'estimates', 'relation', 'market', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'time', 'events', 'factors', 'control', 'addition', 'activities', 'indication', 'representatives', 'officers', 'advisers', 'parameters', 'errors', 'obligations', 'guarantees', 'reviews', 'English', 'French', 'case', 'discrepancies', '1.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41368,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-Steuben-County-and-Corning-Natural-Gas-inaugurate-an-innovative-RNG-production-unit-at-46778347/,Waga Energy  Steuben County  and Corning Natural Gas inaugurate an innovative RNG production unit at the Bath Landfill in New York,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy  Steuben County  and Corning Natural Gas inaugurate an innovative RNG production unit at the Bath Landfill in New York 21-May-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted b…,"Waga EnergyWaga Energy  Steuben County  and Corning Natural Gas inaugurate an innovative RNG production unit at the Bath Landfill in New York21-May-2024 / 07:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Steuben County  Waga Energy and Corning Natural Gas officially inaugurate an innovative RNG production unit at the Bath Landfill in New YorkOn Thursday May 16th  2024 Kelly Fitzpatrick  Chairwoman of Steuben County  Guénaël Prince  CEO of Waga Energy Inc.  and Mike German  CEO of Corning Natural Gas  inaugurated the first WAGABOX® Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) production unit at the Steuben County Landfill in Bath  New York. Approximately 80 people attended the ceremony  which included a tour of the WAGABOX® facility and a tour of the landfill.This WAGABOX® unit commenced operations on March 15th  2024  and will deliver up to 207 000 MMBtu (60 GWh) of RNG annually into the Corning Natural Gas network. The RNG produced replaces fossil derived fuels and is supplying the equivalent of 4 000 households annually with clean  local  and renewable energy  avoiding an estimated 13 500 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per year. Corning Natural Gas  the local gas utility servicing the region  constructed the gas interconnect for this project and accepts the gas produced into its existing gas distribution system.Steuben County is the first municipality in the United States to utilize Waga Energy’s WAGABOX® technology to upgrade its landfill gas into RNG. A result of 15 years of research and development  the WAGABOX® technology revolutionizes landfill gas upgrading through cryogenics. It maximizes the renewable energy production of landfills by producing pipeline-quality RNG  regardless of the landfill gas variations in flow rate and nitrogen concentration. Waga Energy now operates 23 WAGABOX® units worldwide with 14 more under construction.Waga Energy will operate and maintain the WAGABOX® unit under a 20-year agreement with Steuben County. The project will generate revenue by selling RNG to a private offtaker through a purchase agreement. The revenue generated will be shared with the county.The municipal solid waste landfill in Bath is authorized to dispose of 280 000 tons of waste per year. In July 2020  the County solicited proposals for a landfill gas utilization project. Waga Energy was selected as the preferred developer for the RNG project and has fully delivered on the project.Kelly R. Fitzpatrick  Steuben County Legislature Chair  R-Bath Town  said: ""This is a wonderful day for us and for future generations. Steuben County is proud to partner with Waga Energy and CNG to bring this project into reality.""Guénaël Prince  CEO of Waga Energy Inc. (USA)  said: “This joint project with Steuben County and Corning Natural Gas represents a major milestone in the fight against climate change and for the energy transition.”Mike German  CEO of Corning Natural Gas  said: “We are delighted to be a part of this project that is bringing advanced clean technology to Steuben County.”About Steuben CountyEstablished March 18  1796  Steuben County covers 1 397 square miles with a population of approximately 94 000 people living in rural agricultural areas  quaint small towns  and small city communities.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas – RNG – (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas distribution networks that supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for fossil natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it produces or by offering a purification service. Waga Energy operates 24 units (owned or sold) in France  Spain  Canada and the USA  representing an installed capacity of 940 GWh per year (3 207 400 MMBtu). Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy is listed on Euronext Paris.About Corning Natural GasEstablished in 1904  Corning Natural Gas Corporation is a local  natural gas distribution company with 425 miles of mains that sells or transports natural gas to approximately 15 000 customers. Gas deliveries are made across 23 towns and villages  over 400 square miles  throughout the Southern Tier and Central regions of New York State. CNGC prioritizes safety  reliability  and superior customer service. They continue to be the focus of management and employees as they work each day to improve the value provided for their customers.Press Contacts:Waga Energy Alicia Fanni+1 (786) 300-9545alicia.fanni@waga-energy.com Steuben County Christopher Brewer +1 (607) 664-2245 cbrewer@steubencountyny.gov Corning Natural Gas Mike German +1 (607) 936-3755 mgerman@corninggas.comDownload pictures of the inauguration:https://waga-energy.com/en/steuben-county-wagabox-unit-inauguration/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.63,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['innovative RNG production unit', 'Corning Natural Gas', 'Waga Energy', 'Steuben County', 'Bath Landfill', 'New York', 'local, natural gas distribution company', 'Guénaël Prince', 'Corning Natural Gas Mike German', 'first WAGABOX® Renewable Natural Gas', 'existing gas distribution system', 'carbon dioxide equivalent emissions', 'Corning Natural Gas network', 'Corning Natural Gas Corporation', 'municipal solid waste landfill', 'Steuben County Legislature Chair', 'Steuben County Christopher Brewer', 'innovative RNG production unit', 'landfill gas utilization project', 'local gas utility', 'gas distribution networks', 'Waga Energy Alicia Fanni', 'French Regulatory News', 'Thursday May 16th', 'rural agricultural areas', 'small city communities', 'renewable energy production', 'fossil natural gas', 'advanced clean technology', 'superior customer service', 'landfill gas variations', 'RNG) production unit', 'Kelly R. Fitzpatrick', 'quaint small towns', 'patented purification technology', 'New York State', 'Waga Energy Inc.', 'Steuben County Landfill', 'first municipality', 'WAGABOX® unit', 'gas interconnect', 'raw gas', 'Gas deliveries', 'Kelly Fitzpatrick', 'purification service', 'WAGABOX® technology', 'landfill operators', 'WAGABOX® facility', 'energy transition', 'EQS Group', 'March 15th', 'United States', 'flow rate', 'nitrogen concentration', '20-year agreement', 'private offtaker', 'purchase agreement', 'preferred developer', 'R-Bath Town', 'wonderful day', 'future generations', 'major milestone', 'climate change', 'long-term contracts', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'Southern Tier', 'Central regions', 'Press Contacts', 'Bath Landfill', 'The RNG', 'pipeline-quality RNG', '1,397 square miles', '400 square miles', 'joint project', 'RNG project', '23 towns', 'RNG.', '24 units', '425 miles', '07:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Chairwoman', 'CEO', '80 people', 'ceremony', 'tour', 'operations', '207,000 MMBtu', '60 GWh', 'fuels', '4,000 households', '13,500 tons', 'result', '15 years', 'research', 'development', 'cryogenics', 'landfills', 'construction', 'revenue', '280,000 tons', 'July', 'proposals', 'CNG', 'reality', 'USA', 'fight', 'part', 'population', '94,000 people', 'EPA', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', 'France', 'Spain', 'Canada', '940 GWh', 'mains', '15,000 customers', 'villages', 'safety', 'reliability', 'focus', 'management', 'employees', 'value', '45 cbrewer', 'steubencountyny', 'mgerman']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41369,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/mauna-kea-technologies-announces-the-availability-of-preparatory-documents-for-the-combined-general-meeting-of-june-6-2024-and-the-instructions-for-participation-93CH-3450402,Mauna Kea Technologies Announces the Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 6  2024 and the Instructions for Participation By Investing.com,Mauna Kea Technologies Announces the Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 6  2024 and the Instructions for Participation,"PARIS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio ®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announced the availability of preparatory documents for the Combined General Meeting of June 6  2024  to be held at 11:00 a.m. at the Company's head office at 9 rue d'Enghien  75010 - Paris.Notice of the meeting  including the agenda  proposed resolutions and instructions for participating and voting at the meeting were published in the Bulletin des Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 1  2024  bulletin n °53  announcement 2400984.This notice of meeting  together with the documents and information relating to the Combined General Meeting and the single voting form  can be accessed via the Company's website in the ""Investors"" section of the Shareholders' Meeting area  at the following address https://www.maunakeatech.com/fr/investisseurs/assemblee-generale.Any shareholder may also obtain the documents referred to above  in accordance with Articles R.225-88 and R.225-89 of the French Commercial Code  by sending a written request to the Company's registered office at 9 rue d'Enghien  75010 Paris. However  the Company invites shareholders to send all requests electronically to the following address ag@maunakeatech.com.Voting proceduresThe Company's shareholders are invited to exercise their voting rights prior to the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the procedures set out below and detailed in the notice of meeting brochure published today on the Company's website:- Voting by mail or by proxy (by giving power of attorney to the Chairman of the Meeting or to a third party  or without specifying a proxy) by VOTACCESS electronic means is available and should be used as a priority. The secure VOTACCESS platform will be open from Friday May 17  2024 at 9 a.m. (Paris time) and will close on Wednesday June 5  2024 at 3 p.m. (Paris time). However  shareholders are strongly advised not to wait until the last few days to enter their voting instructions;- Postal voting or proxy voting;- Shareholders may also attend the Meeting in person.Besides  shareholders may submit written questions to the following e-mail address ag@maunakeatech.com prior to the Annual General Meeting  until midnight on Friday  May 31  2024  providing proof of shareholder status.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio ®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio ® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 2 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2023 Annual Report filed with the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240521898490/en/Mauna Kea Technologiesinvestors@maunakeatech.comNewCap - Investor RelationsAurÃ©lie Manavarere / Thomas Grojean+33 (0)1 44 71 94 94maunakea@newcap.euSource: Mauna Kea Technologies",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.02,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'Instructions', 'Participation', 'Investing', 'Bulletin des Annonces LÃ©gales Obligatoires', 'AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'French Commercial Code', 'VOTACCESS electronic means', 'secure VOTACCESS platform', 'single voting form', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Cellvizio ® platform', ""Shareholders' Meeting area"", 'medical specialties', '2023 Annual Report', 'voting rights', 'Postal voting', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'head office', 'Investors"" section', 'following address', 'written request', 'registered office', 'meeting brochure', 'third party', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'wide range', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'financial condition', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'economic conditions', 'securities laws', 'local law', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'forward-looking statements', 'Voting procedures', 'voting instructions', 'Wednesday June', 'proxy voting', 'mail address', 'shareholder status', 'financial markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'preparatory documents', 'numerous risks', 'Paris time', 'Friday May', '75010 Paris', 'BOSTON', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'availability', '11:00 a', '9 rue', 'Enghien', 'Notice', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'announcement', 'information', 'website', 'maunakeatech', 'investisseurs', 'assemblee', 'generale', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'requests', 'power', 'attorney', 'Chairman', 'priority', '9 a', 'last', 'days', 'person', 'questions', 'midnight', 'proof', 'real-time', 'technology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'point', 'concern', 'way', 'patients', 'Disclaimer', 'strategies', 'plans', 'objectives', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'April', 'changes', 'material', 'occurrence', 'performance', 'achievements', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'shares', 'jurisdiction', 'sale', 'registration', 'qualification', 'distribution', 'possession']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,investing.com
41370,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROULARTA-MEDIA-GROUP-N-V-6007/news/Roularta-Media-N-REGULATED-INFORMATION-Roularta-Media-Group-offers-its-shareholders-the-possibil-46785596/,Roularta Media N : REGULATED INFORMATION - Roularta Media Group offers its shareholders the possibility of an optional dividend and announces conditions,(marketscreener.com)   This announcement is not for release  publication  distribution or disclosure in any respect  whether directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  in or to the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  Switzerland or South Africa  or t…,"This announcement is not for release  publication  distribution or disclosure in any respect  whether directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  in or to the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  Switzerland or South Africa  or to any other state or jurisdiction where this would lead to an infringement of the relevant legislation  or to any citizen  resident or inhabitant of those states or jurisdictions.Payment of the dividend for the financial year 2023 - optional dividend in sharesThe ordinary general meeting of shareholders of Roularta Media Group NV (the Company) approved all the points on the agenda with the requisite majority on 21 May 2024  including the payment of the gross dividend of 1.00 EUR for the 2023 financial year.The Board of Directors of the Company has decided  in the context of the authorised capital  to offer the shareholders of the Company the opportunity to offset their dividend claim  taking into account a deduction of 30% withholding tax (regardless of the actual application of an exemption or reduction1)  by way of an optional dividend attached to existing shares (i.e. coupons no. 20) (the Dividend Rights) in order to contribute to the capital of the Company (the Optional Dividend).Summary of the main characteristics of the optional dividend1. POSSIBLE CHOICES FOR THE SHAREHOLDERWith regard to the optional dividend  the shareholder has the choice between:contributing their dividend rights to the capital of the company in exchange for new shares (the New Shares);payment of the dividend in cash; ora combination of the two previous options.Shareholders who do not make any choice known in the manner provided during the option period will in any case receive the dividend in cash.2. ISSUE PRICE AND RATIOThe issue price per new share is 9.10 EUR (the Issue Price).The Issue Price corresponds to the volume-weighted average of the of the Company's share price as published daily on Euronext Brussels (""VWAP"") in the period from Thursday 2 May 2024 to Thursday 16 May 2024 included  i.e. 10.99 EUR per New Share  less the gross dividend value of 1.00 EUR per share and with deduction of a discount of 8.91 % as determined by the Board of Directors.To obtain one New Share  the net dividend claims associated with 13 existing shares (i.e. 13 coupons no. 20) must be contributed.3. OPTION PERIODStart of option period: 24 May 2024 at 9:00 a.m. (CET).End of option period: 7 June 2024 at 16:00 p.m. (CET).The realisation of the capital increase and the issuance of the New Shares will be determined on or around 12 June 2024.From 12 June 2024 onwards  the dividend will be paid out in cash.4. NUMBER OF NEW SHARES TO BE ISSUED AND AMOUNT OF THE CAPITAL INCREASEThe New Shares issued in the context of the optional dividend will be of the same type as the existing shares. They will convey the same rights and benefits as the existing shares  including dividend rights (with coupon 21 attached).Following the capital increase related to the optional dividend  a maximum of 906 584 New Shares will be issued.The total maximum issue price of the new shares to be issued shall amount to 8 249 914.40 EUR.The Company has already been informed of the intention of its reference shareholder  Koinon NV  currently holding an interest of 71.17% in the Company  to contribute its dividend rights to the Company in the context of the Optional Dividend.Given that the Issue Price exceeds the accounting par value of the existing shares (i.e. 6.09 EUR)  the Issue Price will be fully allocated to the capital of the Company for the amount of the accounting par value. The balance will be allocated to the available ""issue premium"" reserve account  under the equity on the liabilities side of the Company's balance sheet.You can download additional information as of Wednesday morning 22 May 2024 from this link to Roularta Media Group NV's website: https://www.roularta.be/en/roularta-stock-market/optionnal-dividendAbout Roularta Media GroupRoularta Media Group (RMG) is a listed multimedia group with more than 1 200 employees and a total revenue of 323 million euros. In Belgium  RMG is the market leader in magazines in Dutch and French. In the Netherlands  RMG has the second-largest portfolio of magazine brands. In Germany  RMG is the market leader in media for the over-fifties. RMG has a hypermodern offset printing works  Roularta Printing  that serves all the major media companies in the Benelux region and the surrounding countries. RMG has powerful digital tools  such as the app 'Mijn Magazines'  with a digital kiosk  a 24/24 website with input from all the editorial teams and subscriptions that are accessible to the whole family. The sustainability programme Roularta Cares makes RMG a trendsetter in the field of sustainability in the media sector.In eighth place  and as one of the companies making the strongest progress  Roularta Media Group has joined the top ten most attractive employers in Belgium according to Randstad's most recent Employer Brand Research (2024).---1 For more details of the treatment of possible exemptions from withholding tax  please refer to section 2.15 of the information memorandum regarding the Optional Dividend.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.08,0.43,0.49,True,English,"['Roularta Media N', 'Roularta Media Group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'optional dividend', 'shareholders', 'possibility', 'conditions', 'top ten most attractive employers', 'available ""issue premium"" reserve account', 'recent Employer Brand Research', 'hypermodern offset printing works', 'Roularta Media Group NV', 'total maximum issue price', 'ordinary general meeting', 'two previous options', 'accounting par value', 'powerful digital tools', 'net dividend claims', 'major media companies', 'gross dividend value', 'one New Share', 'The New Shares', 'Roularta Printing', 'Koinon NV', 'multimedia group', 'total revenue', 'media sector', 'Roularta Cares', 'digital kiosk', 'share price', '906,584 New Shares', 'South Africa', 'other state', 'relevant legislation', 'financial year', 'requisite majority', '30% withholding tax', 'actual application', 'existing shares', 'main characteristics', 'POSSIBLE CHOICES', 'volume-weighted average', 'Euronext Brussels', 'same type', 'same rights', 'liabilities side', 'additional information', 'Wednesday morning', '323 million euros', 'market leader', 'largest portfolio', 'magazine brands', 'Benelux region', 'surrounding countries', 'editorial teams', 'eighth place', 'strongest progress', 'optional dividend', 'Dividend Rights', 'option period', 'authorised capital', 'capital increase', 'United States', 'balance sheet', 'Mijn Magazines', '24/24 website', 'sustainability programme', 'Thursday 2 May', 'Thursday 16 May', 'reference shareholder', 'The Board', '21 May', '24 May', 'announcement', 'release', 'publication', 'distribution', 'disclosure', 'respect', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Switzerland', 'jurisdiction', 'infringement', 'citizen', 'resident', 'inhabitant', 'Payment', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'points', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'context', 'opportunity', 'deduction', 'exemption', 'reduction', 'way', 'coupons', 'order', 'Summary', 'regard', 'exchange', 'cash', 'combination', 'manner', 'case', 'RATIO', 'VWAP', 'discount', 'Start', '9:00 a', 'CET', '7 June', 'realisation', 'issuance', '12 June', 'NUMBER', 'AMOUNT', 'benefits', 'intention', 'interest', 'equity', 'link', 'roularta-stock-market', 'optionnal-dividend', 'RMG', '1,200 employees', 'Belgium', 'Dutch', 'French', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'fifties', 'input', 'subscriptions', 'family', 'trendsetter', 'field', 'Randstad', 'details', '1.00', '16:00', '4.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41371,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885234/0/en/Planisware-Q1-2024-revenue-Strong-start-of-the-year-and-dynamic-commercial-momentum.html,Planisware - Q1 2024 revenue - Strong start of the year and dynamic commercial momentum,Q1 2024 revenue  Strong start of the year anddynamic commercial momentum  Total revenue growth of +19.6% in constant currencies  reaching € 40.9......,Q1 2024 revenueStrong start of the year anddynamic commercial momentumTotal revenue growth of +19.6% in constant currencies  reaching € 40.9 millionSolid commercial traction with existing clients and new logosFurther product enhancements and third-party industry analysts’ recognition2024 objectives confirmedParis  France  May 21  2024 – Planisware  a leading B2B provider of SaaS in the rapidly growing Project Economy market  announces today its revenue for Q1 2024. Total revenue amounted to € 40.9 million  up by +18.5% in current currencies  mainly led by the continued success of the Group’s market-leading SaaS platform. In constant currencies  total revenue growth reached +19.6% (+€6.8 million)  in line with the trajectory expected for the year and the 2024 objective of approximately 19.5% revenue growth in constant currencies. Recurring revenue amounted to €37.2 million (91% of total revenue) and was up by +26.2% in constant currencies  fuelled by Planisware’s SaaS offering.Loïc Sautour  CEO of Planisware  commented: ”Planisware continues to execute its growth strategy and go-to-market approach – land  expand  retain –further growing its customer base and revenue. This has enabled the Group to deliver another quarter of strong revenue growth  particularly driven by our SaaS model which delivered revenue growth over 30% in constant currencies in Q1 2024.Helped by the increased visibility generated by its successful IPO on Euronext Paris in April  Planisware has achieved considerable commercial success since the beginning of the year  signing new clients  generating significant up-sell and cross-sell  and securing contract renewals across all pillars and geographies.Thanks to this strong start of the year and the resilience of our revenue profile  we confirm all our 2024 objectives.”Q1 2024 revenue performance by revenue streamIn € million Q1 2024 Q1 2023 VariationYoY Variationin cc* Recurring revenue 37.2 29.7 +25.0% +26.2% SaaS & Hosting 18.9 14.4 +31.4% +32.5% Evolutive support 10.8 8.7 +24.9% +26.7% Subscription support 2.8 2.1 +37.1% +38.2% Maintenance 4.6 4.6 -0.1% +0.3% Non-recurring revenue 3.8 4.6 -18.3% -17.9% Perpetual license 1.1 0.8 +38.1% +39.1% Implementation & others non-recurring 2.7 3.8 -30.3% -29.9% Revenue with customers 40.9 34.3 +19.2% +20.3% Other revenue - 0.2 Total revenue 40.9 34.5 +18.5% +19.6%* Revenue evolution in constant currencies  i.e. at Q1 2023 average exchange ratesReaching €40.9 million in Q1 2024  total revenue was up by +18.5% in current currencies and +19.6% in constant currencies. The exchange rates effect was mostly related to the appreciation of the euro versus the US dollar and the Japanese yen. In order to reflect the underlying performance of the Company independently from exchange rates fluctuations  the following analysis refers to revenue evolution in constant currencies  applying Q1 2023 average exchange rates to Q1 2024 revenue figures  unless expressly stated otherwise.Recurring revenueRepresenting 91% of total revenue  recurring revenue reached €37.2 million in Q1 2024  up by +26.2%.This strong growth was fully led by Planisware’s SaaS model (i.e. SaaS & Hosting and Evolutive & Subscription support) with SaaS & Hosting revenue up by +32.5% in Q1 2024 thanks to contracts secured with new customers as well as continued expansion within the installed base. Evolutive support and Subscription support revenues  intrinsically related to Planisware’s SaaS offering  together grew by +28.9%.Maintenance revenue remained stable (+0.3%)  reflecting the Group’s shift and complete focus on SaaS.Non-recurring revenueConcurrently  non-recurring revenue continued to decrease (-17.9%) as Planisware continues to migrate its customer base to its SaaS platform. Nevertheless  Planisware continued in Q1 to sell perpetual licenses to established customers and new logos with specific on-premise needs  leading to a +39.1% revenue growth.Revenue related to implementation services decreased by -29.9% due to the combined effect of a high comparison basis with a significant number of implementations delivered in Q1 2023 and some delays in the start of projects in the beginning of 2024.Commercial momentumSince the beginning of the year  Planisware saw continued commercial success of its “Land  Expand  Retain” strategy and welcomed a significant number of new clients from a wide range of industries and geographies  such as  among others  Advanced Group and TE Connectivity in the United States  and Govtech in Singapore.The success of this go-to-market approach also materialized in the high renewal rates maintained in Q1 2024 and in multiple cross-sell and upsell opportunities unlocked in Planisware’s large installed base. For instance  in the United States  the Group leveraged its commercial relationship with Bausch + Lomb in the PD&I pillar to expand its offering to the PC&E pillar.Finally  the strong demand for AI/ML powered predictive modules of Planisware’s SaaS platform is further cementing the pioneering position of the Group in that field.Product enhancements and third-party industry analysts’ recognitionPlanisware continues to invest in product development to ensure cutting-edge project portfolio management solutions for its clients. This materialized with the following main enhancements of Enterprise 7.1.2 released in March:Extended Shares allowing seamless collaboration with contractors and suppliers by sharing screens or forms in 1-clickSandboxing for improved simulations at both project and portfolio levelUX/UI and usability enhancementsPlanisware’s broad recognition from third-party industry analysts was further confirmed by the latest Forrester Wave™: Strategic Portfolio Management Tools  Q2 2024 report published on May 13  2024 and in which Forrester reasserted Planisware as a Leader in the Strategic Portfolio Management space. More than just its features  Planisware is recognized for “a solid implementation strategy to get customers to value faster”.2024 objectives confirmedSupported by its Q1 2024 performance and the growth of the SaaS model revenue in particular  Planisware confirms all its 2024 objectives:c. 19.5% total revenue growth in constant currenciesAdjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 33%Cash Conversion Rate of c.80%Q1 2024 revenue Investors & Analysts conference callPlanisware’s management team will host an international conference call on May 21  2024 at 8:00am CET to present the revenue evolution and key achievements for Q1 2024  by means of a presentation followed by a Q&A session. The presentation will be held by Loic Sautour (CEO) and Stéphanie Pardo (CFO).The webcast and its subsequent replay will be available on planisware.com.Upcoming eventsJuly 30  2024: H1 results publicationOctober 23  2024: Q3 revenue publicationContactInvestor Relations Media Benoit d’Amécourt Brunswick GroupHugues Boëton / Tristan Roquet Montégon benoit.damecourt@planisware.com planisware@brunswickgroup.com +33 6 75 51 41 47 +33 6 79 99 27 15 / +33 6 37 00 52 57About PlaniswarePlanisware is a leading business-to-business (“B2B”) provider of Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) in the rapidly growing Project Economy. Planisware’s mission is to provide solutions that help organizations transform how they strategize  plan and deliver their projects  project portfolios  programs and products.With close to 700 employees across 14 offices  Planisware operates at significant scale serving around 545 organizational clients in a wide range of verticals and functions across more than 30 countries worldwide. Planisware’s clients include large international companies  medium-sized businesses and public sector entities.Planisware is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A  ISIN code FR001400PFU4  ticker symbol “PLNW”). For more information  visit: https://planisware.com/Connect with Planisware on: LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter).DisclaimerForward-looking statementsThis document contains statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Planisware. These statements are sometimes identified by the use of the future or conditional tense  or by the use of forward-looking terms such as “considers”  “envisages”  “believes”  “aims”  “expects”  “intends”  “should”  “anticipates”  “estimates”  “thinks”  “wishes” and “might”  or  if applicable  the negative form of such terms and similar expressions or similar terminology. Such information is not historical in nature and should not be interpreted as a guarantee of future performance. Such information is based on data  assumptions  and estimates that Planisware considers reasonable. Such information is subject to change or modification based on uncertainties in the economic  financial  competitive or regulatory environments.This information includes statements relating to Planisware’s intentions  estimates and targets with respect to its markets  strategies  growth  results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Planisware’s forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Absent any applicable legal or regulatory requirements  Planisware expressly disclaims any obligation to release any updates to any forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances  on which any forward-looking statement contained in this document is based. Planisware operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment; it is therefore unable to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or combination of risks could have significantly different results from those set out in any forward-looking statements  it being noted that such forward-looking statements do not constitute a guarantee of actual results.Rounded figuresCertain numerical figures and data presented in this document (including financial data presented in millions or thousands and certain percentages) have been subject to rounding adjustments and  as a result  the corresponding totals in this document may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information.Variation in constant currenciesVariation in constant currencies represent figures based on constant exchange rates using as a base those used in the prior year. As a result  such figures may vary slightly from actual results based on current exchange rates.Non-IFRS measuresThis document includes certain unaudited measures and ratios of the Group’s financial or non-financial performance (the “non-IFRS measures”)  such as “recurring revenue”  “non-recurring revenue”  “gross margin”  “Adjusted EBITDA”  “Adjusted EBITDA margin”  “Adjusted Free Cash Flow”  “cash conversion rate”  “churn rate” and “Net Retention Rate” (or “NRR”). Non-IFRS financial information may exclude certain items contained in the nearest IFRS financial measure or include certain non-IFRS components. Readers should not consider items which are not recognized measurements under IFRS as alternatives to the applicable measurements under IFRS. These measures have limitations as analytical tools and readers should not treat them as substitutes for IFRS measures. In particular  readers should not consider such measurements of the Group’s financial performance or liquidity as an alternative to profit for the period  operating income or other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash flow from (used in) operating activities as a measurement of the Group’s liquidity. Other companies with activities similar to or different from those of the Group could calculate non-IFRS measures differently from the calculations adopted by the Group.Non-IFRS measures included in this document are defined as follows:Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as Current operating profit including share of profit of equity-accounted investees  plus amortization and depreciation as well as impairment of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  plus either non-recurring items or non-operating items.Adjusted EBITDA margin is the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to total revenue.Adjusted FCF (Free Cash Flow) is calculated as cash flows from operating activities  plus IPO costs paid  if any  less other financial income and expenses classified as operating activities in the cash-flow statement  and less net cash relating to capital expenditures.Cash Conversion Rate is defined as Adjusted FCF divided by Adjusted EBITDA. Planisware considers Cash Conversion Rate to be a meaningful financial measure to assess and compare the Group’s capital intensity and efficiency.Attachment,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.27,0.12,True,English,"['dynamic commercial momentum', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Strong start', 'Planisware', 'year', 'AI/ML powered predictive modules', 'growing Project Economy market', 'Q1 2023 average exchange rates', 'exchange rates fluctuations', 'exchange rates effect', 'high renewal rates', 'Further product enhancements', 'third-party industry analysts', 'leading B2B provider', 'Loïc Sautour', 'high comparison basis', 'PD&I pillar', 'PC&E pillar.', 'Solid commercial traction', 'dynamic commercial momentum', 'large installed base', 'Subscription support revenues', 'considerable commercial success', 'market-leading SaaS platform', 'Q1 2024 revenue figures', 'Total revenue growth', 'strong revenue growth', 'Q1 2024 revenue performance', 'market approach', 'strong growth', 'underlying performance', 'combined effect', 'commercial relationship', '19.5% revenue growth', '+39.1% revenue growth', 'strong demand', 'Recurring revenue', 'revenue profile', 'revenue stream', 'Other revenue', 'Revenue evolution', 'constant currencies', 'existing clients', 'new logos', 'current currencies', 'customer base', 'successful IPO', 'new clients', 'significant up-sell', 'contract renewals', 'YoY Variation', 'Perpetual license', 'US dollar', 'Japanese yen', 'following analysis', 'complete focus', 'premise needs', 'significant number', 'wide range', 'TE Connectivity', 'United States', 'multiple cross-sell', 'upsell opportunities', 'pioneering position', 'growth strategy', 'Strong start', 'Evolutive support', 'Q1 2023 Variation', 'SaaS model', 'Maintenance revenue', 'Euronext Paris', 'implementation services', 'Hosting revenue', 'SaaS offering', 'continued success', 'new customers', 'Advanced Group', 'year', 'recognition', '2024 objectives', 'France', 'May', 'Planisware', 'line', 'trajectory', 'CEO', 'quarter', 'visibility', 'April', 'beginning', 'pillars', 'geographies', 'resilience', 'others', 'appreciation', 'order', 'Company', 'contracts', 'expansion', 'shift', 'specific', 'implementations', 'delays', 'projects', 'Land', 'Expand', 'Retain', 'industries', 'Govtech', 'Singapore', 'instance', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'field', '€', '0.2']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41372,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/21/robeco-institutional-asset-management-b-v-sells-8633-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. Sells 8 633 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. cut its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 35.1% during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm own…,Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. cut its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 35.1% during the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 15 929 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 8 633 shares during the quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $4 858 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the business. AdvisorNet Financial Inc raised its holdings in Public Storage by 3.2% during the fourth quarter. AdvisorNet Financial Inc now owns 1 139 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $347 000 after acquiring an additional 35 shares during the period. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 2.5% during the fourth quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 562 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $476 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares in the last quarter. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 4.1% during the third quarter. Empirical Financial Services LLC d.b.a. Empirical Wealth Management now owns 1 097 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $289 000 after purchasing an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. Wealth Alliance grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 5.3% during the third quarter. Wealth Alliance now owns 847 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $223 000 after purchasing an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. Finally  RB Capital Management LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 1.1% during the third quarter. RB Capital Management LLC now owns 3 978 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 048 000 after purchasing an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Raymond James upgraded Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Barclays dropped their price target on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. Finally  Scotiabank lifted their price target on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  March 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have issued a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $304.75.Public Storage Stock PerformancePublic Storage stock opened at $286.09 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $275.30 and a 200-day moving average price of $278.71. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a current ratio of 0.54. Public Storage has a fifty-two week low of $233.18 and a fifty-two week high of $312.25. The company has a market capitalization of $50.27 billion  a PE ratio of 25.98  a P/E/G ratio of 3.79 and a beta of 0.57.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). The business had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.17% and a net margin of 45.62%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year  the firm earned $4.16 EPS. As a group  equities analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.92 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be given a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.19%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. Public Storage’s payout ratio is presently 108.99%.Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn other Public Storage news  Director Kristy Pipes purchased 2 149 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction dated Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the transaction  the director now owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at approximately $599 485.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which is available at this link. Insiders own 11.10% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V.', 'Public Storage', '8,633 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V.', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Public Storage stock', 'RB Capital Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'Empirical Financial Services LLC', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'One investment analyst', 'Empirical Wealth Management', 'other institutional investors', 'AdvisorNet Financial Inc', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'average target price', 'recent SEC filing', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'market perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings data', 'consensus rating', 'price target', 'research analysts', 'equities analysts', '$330.00 price objective', '$250.00 price objective', 'recent disclosure', 'Wealth Alliance', 'market capitalization', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'research report', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'MarketBeat.com', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'net margin', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'quarterly revenue', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'year basis', 'current year', 'quarterly dividend', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'March 28th', 'equity ratio', 'same period', 'dividend yield', 'additional 35 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 43 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '16.92 earnings', '$12.00 dividend', '15,929 shares', '8,633 shares', '1,139 shares', '1,562 shares', '1,097 shares', '847 shares', '3,978 shares', 'holdings', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'number', 'business', 'position', 'Thursday', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'debt', 'beta', 'February', 'return', 'EPS', 'group', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Insider', '45.']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,etfdailynews.com
41373,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885244/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-Formation-Bio-and-OpenAI-announce-first-in-class-AI-collaboration.html,Press Release: Sanofi  Formation Bio and OpenAI announce first-in-class AI collaboration,Sanofi  Formation Bio and OpenAI announce first-in-class AI collaboration    Paris  New York  N.Y.  and San Francisco  CA  May 21  2024. Sanofi ...,"Sanofi  Formation Bio and OpenAI announce first-in-class AI collaborationParis  New York  N.Y.  and San Francisco  CA  May 21  2024. Sanofi  Formation Bio and OpenAI are collaborating to build AI-powered software to accelerate drug development and bring new medicines to patients more efficiently. The three teams will bring together data  software and tuned models to develop custom  purpose-built solutions across the drug development lifecycle. This represents a first collaboration of its kind within the pharma and life sciences industries.Sanofi will leverage this partnership to provide access to proprietary data to develop AI models as it continues on its path to becoming the first biopharma company powered by AI at scale.Paul HudsonCEO  Sanofi“This unique collaboration is the next significant step in our journey to becoming a pharmaceutical company substantially powered by AI. Next generation  first-of-its kind AI model customizations will be an important foundation in our efforts to shape the future of drug development for pharma and for the many patients waiting for innovative treatments.”OpenAI  the world leader in AI technology  will contribute access to cutting-edge AI capabilities  including the ability to fine-tune models  deep AI expertise and dedicated thought partnership and resources.Brad LightcapCOO  OpenAI“There is massive potential for AI to accelerate drug development. We are excited to collaborate with Sanofi and Formation Bio to help patients and their families by bringing new medicines to market.”Formation Bio  an AI and tech-driven drug developer with its own pipeline of drug assets  will provide extensive engineering resources  experience operating at the intersection of pharma and AI  and its tech-driven development platform to design  develop and deploy AI technologies across all aspects of the pharma lifecycle.Benjamine LiuCo-Founder & CEO  Formation Bio“I firmly believe that by combining our strengths  Sanofi  OpenAI and Formation Bio can reimagine drug development in the pharma industry. By creating and implementing customized AI agents and models designed for our industry  companies like Sanofi and Formation Bio can begin to scale with unprecedented productivity and transform the pace at which we bring new medicines to patients.”The potential positive impact of AI for patients waiting for new treatments is tremendous and Sanofi  Formation Bio and OpenAI plan to lead the way for drug developers.About Formation BioFormation Bio is a tech-driven and AI-native pharma differentiated by radically more efficient drug development. Advancements in AI and drug discovery are creating more candidate drugs than the industry can progress because of the high cost and time of clinical trials. Recognizing that this development bottleneck may ultimately limit the number of new medicines that can reach patients  Formation Bio  founded in 2016 as TrialSpark Inc.  has built technology platforms  processes  and capabilities to accelerate all aspects of drug development and clinical trials. Formation Bio partners  acquires  or in-licenses drugs from pharma companies  research organizations  and biotechs to develop programs past clinical proof of concept and beyond  ultimately helping to bring new medicines to patients.""Formation Bio"" and ""TrialSpark"" are trademarks of TrialSpark Inc.About OpenAIOpenAI is an AI research and deployment company. Its mission is to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.This partnership was led by OpenAI’s COO and approved by its independent Board of Directors.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comFormation Bio Media Relationspress@formation.bioOpenAI Media RelationsSteve Sharpe | + 1 650 224 2362 | ssharpe@openai.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Formation Bio', 'AI collaboration', 'Sanofi', 'OpenAI', 'class', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'kind AI model customizations', 'Formation Bio Media Relations', 'SNY Media Relations', 'custom, purpose-built solutions', 'life sciences industries', 'artificial general intelligence', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'next significant step', 'potential positive impact', 'first biopharma company', 'Paul Hudson CEO', 'Brad Lightcap COO', 'extensive engineering resources', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'deep AI expertise', 'customized AI agents', 'dedicated thought partnership', 'tech-driven development platform', 'efficient drug development', 'tech-driven drug developer', 'OpenAI Media Relations', 'class AI collaboration', 'drug development lifecycle', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'cutting-edge AI capabilities', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'innovative treatments', 'Investor Relations', 'first collaboration', 'pharmaceutical company', 'deployment company', 'Next generation', 'massive potential', 'unique collaboration', 'development bottleneck', 'drug assets', 'drug developers', 'drug discovery', 'pharma lifecycle', 'Bio partners', 'New York', 'N.Y.', 'new medicines', 'three teams', 'important foundation', 'Benjamine Liu', 'unprecedented productivity', 'new treatments', 'candidate drugs', 'high cost', 'clinical trials', 'technology platforms', 'licenses drugs', 'research organizations', 'clinical proof', 'independent Board', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Steve Sharpe', 'press release', 'Private Securitie', 'AI technology', 'AI technologies', 'AI research', 'TrialSpark Inc.', 'AI-native pharma', 'San Francisco', 'AI-powered software', 'proprietary data', 'world leader', 'tune models', 'Evan Berland', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'AI models', 'OpenAI plan', 'many patients', 'pharma companies', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Nathalie Pham', 'pharma industry', 'Paris', 'May', 'tuned', 'access', 'path', 'scale', 'journey', 'efforts', 'future', 'ability', 'families', 'market', 'pipeline', 'experience', 'intersection', 'aspects', 'Founder', 'strengths', 'pace', 'way', 'Advancements', 'time', 'number', 'processes', 'biotechs', 'programs', 'concept', 'trademarks', 'mission', 'humanity', 'Directors', 'miracles', 'people', 'lives', 'practice', 'millions', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'alize', 'delepine', 'ssharpe']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41374,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/21/2885248/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company......,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 2 May 2024  the company repurchased 14 758 595 shares during the week of 10 May 2024 up to and including 17 May 2024.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €16.25 for a total amount of €239 869 875.39. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 44 306 341 ordinary shares at an average price of €16.09 for a total consideration of €712 919 917.39. To date approximately 28.52% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.38,0.3,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.5 billion share buyback programme', 'operating company ING Bank', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'leading providers Euronext', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'wholesale banking services', 'related market disruption', 'other forward-looking statements', 'ING Group shares', 'Important legal information', 'Investor enquiries', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'ESG) rating', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'leading position', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'total number', '44,306,341 ordinary shares', 'integral part', 'tax laws', '14,758,595 shares', 'Progress', '2 May', '10 May', '17 May', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'governmental', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'minimum']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,globenewswire.com
41375,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-s-as-at-30-April-2024-46785939/,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value(s) as at 30 April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – April 2024 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES    Attachment  Volta - Monthly report- April 2024   https://www.marketscreener.com/quo…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – April 2024 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  May 21th  2024AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for April 2024. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYDear all Volta Finance recorded again a positive month in April at +1.3%  bringing the year-to-date return to +7.6%. For context  US High Yield returned -1.0% on the month and +0.5% year-to-date  while European High Yield was flat on the month (+1.6% YtD).The credit markets experienced volatility in mid-April  leading to a sharp repricing that was partially retraced by month-end. The US 10-year bond yields increased to 4.70% from 4.20% at the end of March  challenging the soft-landing narrative due to latest economic data and concerns regarding the persistence of high rates. The Fed delivered a rather dovish message though  expressing confidence in their restrictive policy to bring inflation back to target. Earnings season showed opposite directions for average earnings growth in the US and Europe  but both regions beat expectations. Regarding the leverage loan markets  the Morningstar LLI and ELLI 12-month rolling default rates settled respectively at 1.31% and 1.48%  a testimony of companies’ ability to access financing. Pricing-wise  Euro Loans were up 50 cents at 97.15px while US Loans were slightly down (96.64px from 96.75px on the previous month).CLO-wise  the broader market volatility impacted negatively CLO BB and single B tranches as well as CLO Equity tranches as risk premium rose. Volta Finance’s book was not immune and mark-to-market valuations for both the CLOs Debt and Equity pockets closed down on the month. However  Volta benefited from strong CLO Equity payments  reaching record levels in April (5-year highs in Europe  8-year highs in the US). As a result  cashflow generation kept on being strong with €28.8m equivalent of interests and coupons over the last 6 months on an annualized basis (i.e. 22% of the April 2024 NAV).Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +1.1% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +2.96% for CLO Equity tranches  +1.0% for CLO Debt tranches and -15.7% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS***.As of end of April 2024  Volta’s NAV was €258.7m  i.e. €7.07 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 5.6% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.36% as at 30 March 2024  0.24% as at 31 December 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.*** The cash Corporate Credit and ABS bucket is currently made of 3 legacy assets representing 0.8% of GAV.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.25,0.52,True,English,"['Net Asset Value(s', 'Volta Finance Limited', '30 April', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'ELLI 12-month rolling default rates', 'The US 10-year bond yields', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'François Touati francois', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'strong CLO Equity payments', 'similar asset classes', 'latest economic data', 'single B tranches', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'diversified investment strategy', 'European High Yield', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'average earnings growth', 'Cavendish Securities plc', 'leverage loan markets', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'US High Yield', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'investment management company', 'April 2024 monthly report', 'structured finance assets', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'broader market volatility', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'high rates', 'Equity pockets', 'cross-currency rates', 'Investment objectives', 'credit markets', 'CLO BB', 'Corporate Broker', 'Earnings season', 'CLOs Debt', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'AXA IM', 'US Loans', 'full report', 'The Fed', 'The Companies', 'financial markets', 'The Company', 'UNITED STATES', 'sharp repricing', 'soft-landing narrative', 'dovish message', 'opposite directions', 'Morningstar LLI', 'companies’ ability', 'Euro Loans', 'risk premium', 'market valuations', 'record levels', '8-year highs', 'cashflow generation', '€28.8m equivalent', 'last 6 months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'aggregate value', 'Company Secretary', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'stable stream', 'annualized basis', 'quarterly basis', '3 legacy assets', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'date return', 'restrictive policy', 'period ends', 'positive month', 'previous month', 'NAV information', 'month-end date', 'ABS bucket', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'May', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'context', 'YtD', 'mid-April', 'March', 'concerns', 'persistence', 'confidence', 'inflation', 'target', 'regions', 'expectations', 'testimony', 'financing', 'book', 'result', 'interests', 'coupons', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'timely', 'fund', 'price', '31 December', 'Dietz-performance', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'dividends', 'exposure', '4.', '97', '96', '44']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/Nanobiotix-Announces-Progress-in-Global-NBTXR3-Development-Collaboration-Highlighting-Robust-Pipelin-46787200/,Nanobiotix Announces Progress in Global NBTXR3 Development Collaboration Highlighting Robust Pipeline and Pathway to Long-Term Growth,(marketscreener.com) Updated Nanobiotix corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth through execution of the global NBTXR3 collaboration and platforms beyond NBTXR3Alignment of intent to transfer the sponsorship of the ongoing Phase 3 pivotal trial…,Updated Nanobiotix corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth through execution of the global NBTXR3 collaboration and platforms beyond NBTXR3Alignment of intent to transfer the sponsorship of the ongoing Phase 3 pivotal trial in head and neck cancer to begin preparations for potentially positive trial results and subsequent stepsAlignment to Phase 3 head and neck cancer study modifications designed to optimize the regulatory pathway  including intended removal of the now unnecessary futility analysis  and opting to conduct the planned interim analysis after the end of recruitment in 1H2026Received US FDA “Study May Proceed” letter for a new randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 in stage 3 lung cancer after review of the Investigational New Drug applicationRobust pipeline of ongoing and completed studies that could inform development of new indications beyond immediate priorities in head and neck cancer and lung cancerOperational progress update on Nanobiotix nanoparticle-based therapy platforms beyond NBTXR3 expected in 2H2024PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext : NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced updates to its corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth in view of significant progress in the Company’s collaboration for the co-development and global commercialization of lead therapeutic candidate NBTXR3.Nanobiotix is developing three nanoparticle-based therapy platforms in sequence. The first therapeutic candidate from the first platform  potential first-in-class radioenhancer NBTXR3  is being developed and potentially commercialized in collaboration with NBTXR3 global licensee Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (“Janssen”)  a Johnson & Johnson company. Nanobiotix plans to leverage the sustainable revenue it expects to come from the development and commercialization of NBTXR3 to further advance development of the two other platforms described in the conclusion of this announcement.“Nanobiotix has long been known for the disruptive potential of NBTXR3 for patients with cancer around the world ” said Laurent Levy  chief executive officer at Nanobiotix and chairman of the executive board. “The accomplishments we have achieved throughout our 20-year history stand as a testament to the hard work of our team  the potential value the biopharmaceutical industry at-large sees in our technology  as well as the tremendous faith and confidence our investors and other financiers hold in our vision and our management. Moreover  this global licensing agreement has us well-positioned to secure the path to market for NBTXR3—and our commitment to realize the radioenhancer’s medical and economic value remains our most important goal—but the time has also come for Nanobiotix to lead the next generation of nanoparticle-based therapies in healthcare.”Delivering Potentially Curative Outcomes for Patients with Locally Advanced and Metastatic CancersNBTXR3 is being evaluated as a therapeutic candidate that could integrate into the cancer treatment paradigm for the 60% of patients with cancer who receive radiotherapy (“RT”) as part of their therapeutic regimen each year. To date  NBTXR3 has been injected in hundreds of patients by leading physicians at several pre-eminent clinical research institutions in the United States  Europe  and Asia.The current NBTXR3 development program is initially focused on the completion of NANORAY-312  an ongoing pivotal phase 3 study evaluating the radioenhancer for elderly patients with locally advanced head and neck cancer (“LA-HNSCC”)  and the launch of a randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 for patients with stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) for which Janssen is fully responsible.Preparing NANORAY-312 for Potential Regulatory SubmissionIn preparation for potential regulatory submission in the event of positive trial results  Nanobiotix and Janssen aligned at the collaboration’s Joint Strategy Committee (“JSC”) to transfer the global sponsorship of the Phase 3 pivotal head and neck cancer trial. Nanobiotix will continue to support Janssen in execution of NANORAY-312 during and after the sponsorship transfer is complete. Study operations will remain ongoing during the transfer.Following discussions that began at the end of 2023  and in view of the intended transfer of the sponsorship  the JSC recently aligned to a protocol amendment that would remove the planned futility analysis in light of robust  positive final data from the expansion part of Study 102  a Phase 1 study evaluating NBTXR3 in a similar population. Given that the Study 102 results provided satisfactory support for the NANORAY-312 trial design  the futility analysis was deemed unnecessary. This amendment is subject to review and approval by health authorities in all countries where NANORAY-312 is operational as well as by the sites participating in the study. To date  the amendment has been accepted by health authorities in several major regions in the study.Additionally  Nanobiotix and Janssen have agreed to a change in approach to the planned interim analysis such that interim data will analyzed and reported after both the requisite number of events have been observed and the last patient has been recruited in 1H2026  rather than immediately after the requisite number of events as originally planned. This revised approach helps to ensure that potentially positive trial results do not influence recruitment prior to completion of the study. As such  Nanobiotix now expects the interim analysis to be reported after the last patient is recruited in 1H2026.“Bringing a therapeutic candidate from concept to global registration is an exciting  yet daunting proposition for any biotechnology company  even those working within well-known asset classes with well-worn development and regulatory pathways ” said Louis Kayitalire  MD  chief medical officer at Nanobiotix. “That is why our global licensing agreement with Janssen is great news for patients  for healthcare professionals  and for all other supporters of NBTXR3’s potential. We are confident that the leadership of the JSC will optimize the probability of success for NANORAY-312.”Nanobiotix is currently vetting options for extension of the Company’s cash runway beyond the current expectation of 3Q2025.Advancing the NBTXR3 CollaborationNanobiotix and Janssen have made significant progress in establishing development operations in the collaboration since execution of the global licensing agreement in July 2023.Operational progress highlights:Established a JSC comprised equally of executives from both companies to drive strategic decision making for the global development programActivated Joint Working Teams staffed by both companies with an initial focus on manufacturing and preparing NANORAY-312 for global regulatory submission in the event of a positive interim analysisBegan replication of Nanobiotix manufacturing processes to equip Janssen to produce NBTXR3 in parallel with ongoing production activities at Nanobiotix facilitiesBegan allocation of discretionary in-kind contributions from Janssen to Nanobiotix along with payments for manufacturing technical assistance and other product development support servicesAchieved the first operational milestone in NANORAY-312  triggering a $20M milestone payment from Janssen to NanobiotixReceived US FDA “Study May Proceed” letter for a Janssen-led Phase 2 NSCLC study after review of the Investigational New Drug applicationBegan elaboration of the overall clinical development plan for NBTXR3 including new indications beyond LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLCConsolidated global development and commercialization rights with Janssen via the Janssen purchase of rights to China and other Asian Markets from former Nanobiotix partner LianBioEvolving the NBTXR3 Development PipelineThe global licensing agreement between Nanobiotix and Janssen established a framework for potential  complementary co-development of relevant indications in the near  medium  and long term. This framework includes the potential for Nanobiotix to lead new randomized Phase 2 NBTXR3 studies. The JSC will ultimately determine the next indications beyond the immediate operational priorities in LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLC. Nanobiotix expects the current pipeline  as detailed below  to play an important role in the JSC decision-making process:Validating the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 for patients with LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLC in the near-termPivotal Phase 3 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 with or without cetuximab for Elderly and Frail Patients with LA-HNSCC who are Ineligible for Cisplatin Chemotherapy (NANORAY-312) Lead: Nanobiotix (Intent to transfer global sponsorship aligned) Status: Ongoing Next Step: Last patient recruited 1H2026Chemotherapy (NANORAY-312) Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 + Chemoradiation + anti-PD-L1 for Patients with Inoperable  Stage 3 NSCLC Lead: Janssen Status: “Study May Proceed” letter received Next Step: First patient randomizedExploring the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 for patients with recurrent or metastatic (R/M) HNSCC that is naïve or resistant to anti-PD-1 in the medium termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic (“R/M”) HNSCC Naïve to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 1) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first expansion part data at ASCO 2024(Study 1100 Cohort 1) Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic R/M HNSCC Resistant to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 2) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first expansion part data at ASCO 2024(Study 1100 Cohort 2) Establishing potential expansion opportunities in additional settings in the medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer Lead: The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (“MD Anderson”) Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of updated data 2H2024Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Inoperable  Recurrent NSCLC Amenable to Re-irradiation Lead: MD Anderson Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first data 1H2025Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Esophageal Cancer Lead: MD Anderson Status: Dose escalation part ongoing Next Step: Completion of dose escalation part in 2024  initiation of dose expansion part  and presentation of first data 2025Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Multiple Advanced Tumors and Metastases Resistant to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 3) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Completion of dose expansion part and presentation of first data 2025(Study 1100 Cohort 3) Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Liver Cancer and/or Liver Metastases Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Phase 1 completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with LA-HNSCC Status: Completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer Status: Phase 1 completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termValidating the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 by moving to global registration in LA-HNSCC remains the immediate priority of Nanobiotix and accounts for the majority of operational and financial resource allocation.The Company expects to provide an updated global development plan for NBTXR3 after alignment at the JSC.Updated NBTXR3 Global Development Pipeline Visualization (as of May 21  2024)A chart accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/a8084032-4d70-4caf-b152-362cb6956fce*Janssen assumed responsibility for operations in Asia after securing global rights to NBTXR3 in China and Other Asian markets from former Nanobiotix collaborator LianBio. Nanobiotix and Janssen have also aligned to intent to transfer the global sponsorship.Nanobiotix Beyond the NBTXR3 CollaborationAs the NBTXR3 program moves toward the ultimate goal of significantly improving outcomes for patients with cancer around the world through the execution of NANORAY-312  Nanobiotix plans to expand the impact of nanoparticle-based therapies in healthcare through continued early-stage development of Curadigm and OOcuity.The Curadigm “Nanoprimer” platform features nanoparticles designed with specific physico-chemical properties that allow temporary occupation of the liver cells responsible for therapeutic clearance. This mechanism is intended to increase the blood bioavailability and subsequent accumulation of therapeutics in the targeted tissues  potentially providing the opportunity to increase the efficacy or decrease the toxicity of intravenously-administered medicines.The OOcuity platform is based on the principle that nanoparticle materials can interact with and influence neuronal networks via their electrical properties  this potentially enabling the modulation of malfunctioning neuronal networks toward a “normal” state. In particular  the reduction of neuronal hyper-excitability associated with neuropathic pain in in vitro studies and in mouse models with several nanoparticle candidates.Nanobiotix expects to provide the next update on the plan and operational progress of programs beyond NBTXR3 in 2H2024.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physics-based MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized phase III study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV  a Johnson & Johnson company.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024   and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media Relations FR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.com Global – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachments,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.29,0.35,True,English,"['Global NBTXR3 Development Collaboration', 'Robust Pipeline', 'Long-Term Growth', 'Nanobiotix', 'Progress', 'Pathway', 'several pre-eminent clinical research institutions', 'NBTXR3 global licensee Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer', 'Investigational New Drug application', 'robust, positive final data', 'three nanoparticle-based therapy platforms', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 pivotal trial', 'new randomized Phase 2 study', 'ongoing pivotal phase 3 study', 'Nanobiotix nanoparticle-based therapy platforms', 'neck cancer study modifications', 'current NBTXR3 development program', 'stage 3 lung cancer', 'positive trial results', 'global licensing agreement', 'Potentially Curative Outcomes', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'other major diseases', 'two other platforms', 'Joint Strategy Committee', 'Operational progress update', 'chief executive officer', 'Phase 3 pivotal head', 'lead therapeutic candidate', 'neck cancer trial', 'NANORAY-312 trial design', 'Potential Regulatory Submission', 'cancer treatment paradigm', 'first therapeutic candidate', 'unnecessary futility analysis', 'Nanobiotix corporate strategy', 'global NBTXR3 collaboration', 'Phase 1 study', 'new indications', 'nanoparticle-based therapies', 'Study 102 results', 'Robust pipeline', 'Phase 3 head', 'global commercialization', 'global sponsorship', 'regulatory pathway', 'other financiers', 'therapeutic regimen', 'Study operations', 'treatment possibilities', 'significant progress', 'first platform', 'disruptive potential', 'executive board', 'potential value', 'interim analysis', 'long-term growth', 'subsequent steps', 'immediate priorities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'sustainable revenue', 'Laurent Levy', '20-year history', 'hard work', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'large sees', 'tremendous faith', 'economic value', 'important goal', 'next generation', 'Locally Advanced', 'Metastatic Cancers', 'leading physicians', 'United States', 'similar population', 'satisfactory support', 'health authorities', 'sites participati', 'intended transfer', 'Johnson company', 'protocol amendment', 'expansion part', 'class radioenhancer', 'sponsorship transfer', 'elderly patients', 'execution', 'Alignment', 'intent', 'preparations', 'removal', 'recruitment', '1H2026', 'letter', 'review', 'studies', '2H2024', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'updates', 'sequence', 'conclusion', 'announcement', 'world', 'chairman', 'accomplishments', 'testament', 'team', 'confidence', 'investors', 'vision', 'management', 'market', 'commitment', 'medical', 'time', 'healthcare', 'radiotherapy', 'hundreds', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'completion', 'LA-HNSCC', 'launch', 'NSCLC', 'event', 'JSC', 'discussions', 'light', 'approval', 'countries', '2023']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-reports-2024-First-Quarter-Financial-Information-and-provides-a-corporate-update-46787098/,Inventiva reports 2024 First Quarter Financial Information¹ and provides a corporate update,(marketscreener.com) Cash and cash equivalents at €11.0 million  short-term2 deposits at €0.1million  and long-term deposit at €19.1 million3 as of March 31  2024  compared to €26.9 million  €0.01 million and €9.0 million as of December 31  2023  respectively…,Cash and cash equivalents at €11.0 million  short-term 2 deposits at €0.1million  and long-term deposit at €19.1 million 3 as of March 31  2024  compared to €26.9 million  €0.01 million and €9.0 million as of December 31  2023  respectively.deposits at €0.1million  and long-term deposit at €19.1 million as of March 31  2024  compared to €26.9 million  €0.01 million and €9.0 million as of December 31  2023  respectively. The fourth scheduled DMC meeting recommended to continue the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial without modification of the current protocol  based on the pre-planned review of interim safety data of more than 900 patients randomized in the main and exploratory cohorts.280 sites in 15 countries have restarted screening patients in NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial.First visit of the last patient of NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor is targeted for first half of 2024.Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  May 21  2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”)  also known as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”)  and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported financial information for the first quarter of 2024  including its cash  cash equivalents and revenues  and provided a corporate update.Key Financial ResultsCash  cash equivalents and depositsAs of March 31  2024  the Company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to €11.0 million  short-term deposits to 0.1 million  and long-term deposit to €19.0 million2  compared to €26.9 million  €0.01 million and €9.0 million as of December 31  2023  respectively.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€29.4) million in the first quarter of 2024  compared to (€20.4) million for the same period in 2023. R&D expenses for the first quarter of 2024 were up 82% compared to the first quarter of 2023. This increase is in line with the clinical development activities planned for 2024 and driven by costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in MASH/NASH  and  to a lesser extent  with the completion of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with MASH/NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Net cash used in investing activities for the first quarter of 2024 amounted to (€10.3) million  compared to (€8.4) million in the first quarter of 2023. The change is mostly due to the change in deposits between both periods.Net cash generated in financing activities for the first quarter of 2024 amounted to €23.7 million  compared to (€1.2) million in the first quarter of 2023. The change is due to the second tranche of €25 million drawn in January 2024 under the unsecured loan agreement granted by the European Investment Bank (“EIB”). As a condition to the drawdown  the Company issued 3 144 654 warrants to EIB.Over the first quarter of 2024  the Company recorded a positive exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of €0.1 million  compared to a negative effect of (€0.5) million for the first quarter of 2023  due to the evolution of EUR/USD exchange rate.Considering its current cost structure and forecasted expenditures  the Company estimates that its cash  cash equivalents and deposits2 3 should allow the Company to fund its operations as currently planned until the beginning of the third quarter of 20244. Therefore  it indicates that a material uncertainty exists on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is actively reviewing potential financing (including debt  equity and equity-linked or other instruments) and strategic options with potential counterparties and its financial advisors.RevenuesThe Company did not recognize revenues for the first quarter of 2024  in line with the first quarter of 2023.Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolio and corporate updateOn March 28  2024  the Company announced the nomination to its Board of Directors of Andre Turenne  President and CEO of the Boston-based biotech Matchpoint Therapeutics  and Advisor to Atlas Venture since 2021. Mr. Turenne’s appointment will be submitted to the Company’s shareholders for ratification at the next general shareholder meeting.On May 13  2024  the Company announced the publication of additional results from its NATIVE Phase II clinical trial  which demonstrated improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with MASH/NASH treated with lanifibranor  regardless of the patients’ diabetes and obesity status or weight change during treatment.On May 16  2024  the Company announced that following the fourth scheduled meeting  the DMC recommended the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial continue without modification of the current protocol. This recommendation was based on the pre-planned review of interim safety data of more than 900 patients randomized in the main and exploratory cohorts.To date 280 sites in 15 countries have resumed screening and randomization of new patients in the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial  following the implementation of the additional screening criteria  previously disclosed  recommended by the DMC in response to the SUSAR.Anticipated potential key milestonesLast Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in MASH/NASH - targeted for the first half of 2024.Upcoming investor conference participationPortzamparc mid and small caps conference – June 11-12 - ParisStifel European Healthcare Summit - June 25-27 - LyonCanaccord Genuity's 44th Annual Growth Conference - August 13-15 - BostonH.C. Wainwright 26 th Annual Global Investment Conference - September 9-11 - New YorkAnnual Global Investment Conference - September 9-11 - New York 7 th edition of Forum Lyon Pôle Bourse – September 24 – Lyonedition of Forum Lyon Pôle Bourse – September 24 – Lyon KBC Securities life sciences conference - September 26 - BrusselsGuggenheim Global Healthcare Conference - November 11-13 - BostonUpcoming scientific conferencesThe EASL International Liver CongressTM – June 5-8 – Milan  ItalyNext financial results publicationFinancial results  cash  cash equivalents  deposits and revenues  for the first half of 2024: Wednesday  July 31  2024 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with MASH/NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  unaudited financial results for Inventiva’s three months ended March 31  2024  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s cash resources  including expectations and assumptions in connection with Inventiva’s estimated cash runway  Inventiva’s review of potential financing and strategic options  their outcome and likelihood of success  pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrollment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in MASH/NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes and the study with lanifibranor in patients with MAFLD/NAFLD and T2D  and the results and timing thereof  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits  including reduction in HbA1c  reduction in several markers of liver injury  markers of glucose  lipid metabolism  hepatic steatosis and markers of cardiometabolic health and cardiovascular risk  of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor alone and in combination with empagliflozin  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the results of the review of potential financing or strategic transactions  if any  including any potential transaction  or receipt of additional funds  and future access to the two-year short-term deposit  forecasts and estimates with respect to the annual general meeting of shareholders  including with respect to the appointment of Mr. Turenne. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “opportunity”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that interim data or data from any interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials may not be predictive of future trial results  the recommendation of the DMC may not be indicative of a potential marketing approval  Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) on enrollment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing and to enter into potential transactions  Inventiva’s future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva’s and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva’s and its partners’ control  Inventiva’s product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners’ business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. The review of potential financial and strategic options may not result in any particular action or transaction being pursued  entered into or consummated  and there is no assurance as to the timing  sequence or outcome of any action or transaction or series of actions or transactions. If Inventiva is unable to continue as a going concern  it may have to liquidate its assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on its financial statements  and it is likely that investors will lose all or part of their investment. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 3  2024  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3  2024 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.1 Non-audited financial information.2 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position and are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.3 The long-term deposit has a two year-term  is accessible prior to the expiration of the term with a notice period of 31 days and is considered as liquid by the Company.4 This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['2024 First Quarter Financial Information¹', 'corporate update', 'Inventiva', 'LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial', 'NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'NATIVE Phase II clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Boston-based biotech Matchpoint Therapeutics', 'next general shareholder meeting', 'positive exchange rate effect', 'fourth scheduled DMC meeting', 'fourth scheduled meeting', 'EUR/USD exchange rate', 'interim safety data', 'Long Island City', 'R&D expenses', 'unsecured loan agreement', 'European Investment Bank', 'R&D portfolio', 'clinical development activities', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'current cost structure', 'Key Financial Results', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'negative effect', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'additional results', 'current protocol', 'financial information', 'financial advisors', 'operating activities', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'long-term deposit', 'planned review', 'exploratory cohorts', 'First visit', 'last patient', 'first half', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'other diseases', 'first quarter', 'corporate update', 'same period', 'lesser extent', 'type 2 diabetes', 'second tranche', 'third quarter', 'material uncertainty', 'going concern', 'potential financing', 'other instruments', 'strategic options', 'potential counterparties', 'Andre Turenne', 'Atlas Venture', 'Mr. Turenne', 'cardiometabolic health', 'obesity status', 'cash equivalents', 'Net cash', 'short-term 2 deposits', 'screening patients', 'short-term deposits', 'Main areas', 'patients’ diabetes', 'The Company', 'weight change', '900 patients', 'March', 'December', 'modification', '280 sites', '15 countries', 'lanifibranor', 'Daix', 'France', 'May', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'treatment', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'revenues', 'increase', 'line', 'costs', 'completion', 'empagliflozin', 'T2D', 'periods', 'January', 'EIB', 'condition', 'drawdown', '3,144,654 warrants', 'evolution', 'expenditures', 'operations', 'beginning', 'ability', 'debt', 'equity', 'linked', 'progress', 'nomination', 'Board', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'appointment', 'shareholders', 'ratification', 'publication', 'improvement', 'markers', 'recommendation']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/05/21/corre-may-tap-investors-for-short-term-cash-as-third-party-talks-continue/,Corre may tap investors for short-term cash as third-party talks continue,Irish-run but Dutch-based business reveals it had €1m of cash at the end of last year  down from €3.4m a year earlier,Corre Energy's shares have fallen more than 80 per cent in past 12 months  partly down to a slump across the wider green energy sectorCorre Energy  the Dublin-listed renewable energy storage developer  said it is looking at going to shareholders to raise cash to fund its short-term needs as it continues to talk to third parties that have signalled an interest in making a “strategic investment” in the company.The Irish-run but Dutch-based business revealed in its full-year results statement for 2023 on Tuesday that it had €1.08 million cash at the end of last year  down from €3.43 million a year earlier. The company also raised €18.9 million of funding last year  including equity and loans.“The company intends to engage with its shareholders further over the coming weeks in relation to potential further funding of short-term working capital requirements ahead of this strategic investment process and long-term fund raise being concluded  based on reasonable expectation by the directors that sufficient short-term funding can be raised from shareholders ” it said.[ Corre hires Rothschild to advise on investment interest in energy storage developer ]Corre  which floated on Euronext Dublin almost three years ago  said last month that it has hired investment bank Rothschild & Co to advise it on approaches it has had “from multiple parties” to invest in the company to provide it with additional funding for investment on projects and working capital.READ MOREShares in the company have fallen by more than 80 per cent over the past 12 months. This has been partly down to a slump across the wider green energy sector amid a decline in energy prices and the weight of higher interest rates on this capital-intensive sector.However  according to observers  it is also down to concerns about Corre having failed to sufficiently spell out the financial details of its various projects to allow investors assess their potential for profit.Corre’s most advanced development is its Zuidwending (ZW1) project in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands. ZW1 will be capable of supplying up to 320MW of electricity to the grid for up to 3½ days and is due to come on stream around the end of 2026.Other key projects include Corre’s 320MW Green Hydrogen Hub project in Denmark  another facility in the Netherlands (ZW2) and a plan to develop three compressed air energy storage plants in caverns secured last year in Germany.Corre also  more recently  targeted the US market  signing a deal in Texas last July  giving it an option to buy a 280MW compressed air energy storage project.“Our commercial milestones and growth plans were achieved as market demand for our projects continued to rise ” said chief executive Keith McGrane. “Our financial position in 2023 is very much in line with expectation for this development stage of our business as we continue to deliver growth and commercial ambition. At a project level we secured further co-investment whilst in parallel we have commenced a process to secure further  substantial investment for the business.”[ Ex-Corre Energy director says he is still committed to 38% stake after sudden exit ]Shares in Corre were hit in late February – falling below its €1 initial public offering price for the first time – when founding director and large shareholder Darren Patrick Green  stepped down as an executive director after a Singaporean company ultimately owned by him was named by UK tax authorities in relation to an alleged tax-avoidance scheme.Mr Green told The Irish Times that he was “absolutely astonished” by the news and had not been a director of – or been involved in the running of – that company for years. He said he remains committed to the 38 per cent stake he owns in Corre. But it is perceived by the market as an overhang.Corre swung into a profit of €5.64 million last year from a €30.1 million loss for 2022  with the difference largely relating to the revaluation of stock options that had been granted to its funding provider Italian private equity fund Fondo Italiano per L’Efficienza Energetica (FIEE).,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.03,0.3,0.67,True,English,"['short-term cash', 'third-party talks', 'Corre', 'investors', 'three compressed air energy storage plants', '280MW compressed air energy storage project', '320MW Green Hydrogen Hub project', '€1 initial public offering price', 'renewable energy storage developer', 'chief executive Keith McGrane', 'wider green energy sector', 'Italian private equity fund', 'short-term working capital requirements', 'Darren Patrick Green', 'long-term fund raise', 'full-year results statement', 'Zuidwending (ZW1) project', 'up to 320MW', 'UK tax authorities', 'The Irish Times', 'Ex-Corre Energy director', 'higher interest rates', 'sufficient short-term funding', 'Other key projects', 'investment bank Rothschild', '38 per cent stake', 'strategic investment process', 'project level', 'energy prices', 'Mr Green', 'capital-intensive sector', 'short-term needs', '80 per cent', 'executive director', 'past 12 months', 'third parties', 'last year', 'coming weeks', 'investment interest', 'Euronext Dublin', 'multiple parties', 'financial details', 'advanced development', 'commercial milestones', 'financial position', 'development stage', 'commercial ambition', 'substantial investment', 'sudden exit', 'late February', 'first time', 'founding director', 'large shareholder', 'tax-avoidance scheme', '€30.1 million loss', 'stock options', 'Fondo Italiano', 'Efficienza Energetica', 'additional funding', 'funding provider', 'various projects', 'US market', 'market demand', '€1.08 million cash', 'reasonable expectation', 'growth plans', 'Dutch-based business', 'Singaporean company', '38% stake', 'shares', 'slump', 'Dublin-listed', 'shareholders', 'Irish-run', 'Tuesday', 'loans', 'relation', 'potential', 'directors', 'approaches', 'READ', 'decline', 'weight', 'observers', 'concerns', 'investors', 'profit', 'province', 'Groningen', 'Netherlands', 'electricity', 'grid', '3½ days', 'stream', 'Denmark', 'facility', 'caverns', 'Germany', 'deal', 'Texas', 'parallel', 'alleged', 'news', 'running', 'years', 'overhang', 'difference', 'revaluation', 'FIEE']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,irishtimes.com
41379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FD-TECHNOLOGIES-PLC-4003789/news/FD-Technologies-Results-for-the-year-ended-29-February-2024-46778647/,FD Technologies : Results for the year ended 29 February 2024,(marketscreener.com)   21 May 2024   FD Technologies plc      Results for the year ended 29 February 2024   FD Technologies announces its results for the year ended 29 February 2024.   Business highlights   Strategic progress despite...htt…,"21 May 2024 FD Technologies plc (""FD Technologies"" or the ""Group"") Results for the year ended 29 February 2024 FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L  Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces its results for the year ended 29 February 2024. Business highlights Strategic progress despite short-term challenges  led by KX advancing its position in core markets and developing its AI opportunity KX: Delivered constant currency annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth of 12% to £73m; recurring revenue increased by 19% and now represents 86% of KX revenue (FY23: 81%)Performance was impacted by lower pipeline conversion rates and lengthened sales cycles  resulting from a combination of having fewer repeatable use cases in newer markets and macroeconomic headwindsAnnual contract value added of £14m  of which more than 80% was derived from repeatable use cases in our core markets of financial services and aerospace and defence; 19 new logos signed (FY23: 16)Launched KDB.AI  our vector database for real-time contextual AI  with initial sales during the period and a number of key technical wins with major existing and potential customers demonstrating its ability to drive growthreal-time contextual AI  with initial sales during the period and a number of key technical wins with major existing and potential customers demonstrating its ability to drive growth Launch of kdb Insights offerings with Microsoft  AWS  GCP  Databricks and Snowflake providing reduced time to value and cost to operate  as well as signing partnerships with leading industry partners including McLaren Applied and SRCRelease of kdb+ 4.1  which has redefined the high-performance analytical database landscape  marking a major step forward in our core technology and the first major release in four yearshigh-performance analytical database landscape  marking a major step forward in our core technology and the first major release in four years Completed the KX leadership team with senior appointments including a Chief Revenue Officer  Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Product & Engineering Officer to drive the next growth phase of KX. First Derivative: Revenue declined by 8% to £170m due to increased spending caution among customers  with measures taken to control costs and improve efficiency  enabling adjusted EBITDA margin to be maintainedAreas of demand for our domain and technology skills mitigating lower spending on general technology skills within our customer base and leaving us well positioned when demand improvesImprovement in bookings in Q4 FY24 but market remains cautious.Group structure review In October 2023 the Board announced a review of the optimal organisational structure and allocation of capital to best position the Group to drive value for shareholders. In March 2024 the Board announced that it had unanimously concluded that the separation of its three businesses was in the best interests of all shareholders. As a first step  it was also announced in March 2024 that the Group had agreed an all-share merger of MRP with CONTENTgine  a provider of B2B technology buyer insights and lead generation. FD Technologies owns 49% of the merged entity  which is reported as discontinued operations in FY24 and will be reported as an associate investment in future years. FY23 has been restated to remove MRP to enable year-on-year comparison in performance. The final step in the process is the separation of KX and First Derivative  with a measured and thoughtful process under way to ensure that any transaction reflects the value of First Derivative. Advisers on the process have been appointed and further updates will be provided as appropriate. Seamus Keating  CEO of FD Technologies  commented: ""FY24 presented challenges within our businesses but we made significant strategic progress and we enter FY25 with clarity and focus on the exciting opportunities ahead. While KX's ARR growth was below our expectations for the year  we have addressed the operational challenges and are well placed to execute on the enormous addressable market in the industries we are targeting. First Derivative managed its cost base to ensure that despite the caution in its customer spending  it maintained margins. In the early months of FY25  the market has remained subdued but with stable activity levels. Looking to FY25  the conclusion of the structure review provides a clear path to value creation for shareholders while the operational improvements  focus on repeatable use cases and growing opportunity in AI provide confidence that KX will deliver stronger  sustainable growth."" Financial summary Year ended February 2024 2023* Change Revenue £248.9m £254.6m (2%) Gross profit £105.7m £105.3m 0% Loss before tax from continuing operations (£7.7m) £(0.4)m N/A Reported diluted LPS (145.2p) (14.4p) N/A Net debt** (£14.4m) (£3.7m) N/A Adjusted performance measures Adjusted EBITDA*** £23.1m £33.3m (31%) Adjusted diluted (LPS)/EPS (0.7p) 36.3p N/A FY23 has been restated excluding discontinued operations (MRP)Excluding lease obligationsAdjusted for share based payments and restructure and non-operational costsFinancial highlights Group revenue down 2% to £249m (FY23: £255m)   with gross profit flat as gross margins increased in KX due to increased software revenue  offsetting a decline in First Derivative gross margin from lower utilisationwith gross profit flat as gross margins increased in KX due to increased software revenue  offsetting a decline in First Derivative gross margin from lower utilisation KX revenue growth of 12% to £79m (FY23: £71m)  led by recurring revenue up 19% to represent 86% of total KXrevenue (FY23: 81%) Note that £9m of services revenue has been restated from KX to First Derivative in the year  with FY23 restated by £9m to enable a like-for-like comparison. Further details are provided in the Financial reviewNote that £9m of services revenue has been restated from KX to First Derivative in the year  with FY23 restated by £9m to enable a like-for-like comparison. Further details are provided in the Financial review First Derivative revenue of £170m  down 8% (FY23: £184m)  driven by continued customer caution resulting from lower investment banking revenuesAdjusted EBITDA down 31% to £23m (FY23: £33m) as a result of accelerated investment in KX and lower revenue in First DerivativeNet debt £14.4m (FY23: £3.7m) Current trading and outlook KX is expected to achieve annual contract value (ACV) added in the range of £16m to £18m in FY25  resulting in gross ARR growth of 20-25%. This ACV added is expected to be delivered from our pipeline of repeatable use cases in capital markets  aerospace and defence and high-tech manufacturing. The churn rate is expected to be similar to FY24 at approximately 8- 10%  driven by the renewal rate of solutions sold in prior years  before returning to normal range of 5-7% from FY26. This provides an ARR growth range for FY25 of 11-15% at constant currency. KX cash EBITDA for the year is expected to be in line with FY24  with an expectation that KX will generate positive cash EBITDA for FY27. H1 FY25 has started positively and supports the Board's expectation of ACV added in the period in the range of £6m to £8m in H1 and £16m to £18m for the full year. From FY26 to FY28 we anticipate ARR CAGR in excess of 25%. We expect First Derivative revenue in the range of £160m to £170m  at maintained EBITDA margins  based on continued caution on consultancy spending at our capital markets customers. For further information  please contact: FD Technologies plc +44(0)28 3025 2242 Seamus Keating  Chief Executive Officer www.fdtechnologies.com Ryan Preston  Chief Financial Officer Ian Mitchell  Head of Investor Relations Investec Bank plc +44 (0)20 7597 5970 (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Carlton Nelson Virginia Bull Goodbody (Euronext Growth Adviser and Broker) +353 1 667 0420 Tom Nicholson Don Harrington Jason MolinsJ.P. Morgan Cazenove (Broker) +44 (0)20 3493 8000 James A. Kelly Mose Adigun FTI Consulting +44 (0)20 3727 1000 Matt Dixon Dwight Burden Victoria Caton About FD Technologies FD Technologies is a group of data-driven businesses that unlock the value of insight  hindsight and foresight to drive organisations forward. The Group comprises KX  which provides software to accelerate AI-driven innovation and First Derivative  providing consulting services which drive digital transformation in financial services and capital markets. FD Technologies operates from 13 locations across Europe  North America and Asia Pacific  and employs more than 2 400 people worldwide. For further information  please visit www.fdtechnologies.comand www.kx.com Results presentation A presentation for analysts will be held at FTI Consulting at 9.30am today  following which a recording of the presentation will be available on the Group's website.Business Review FD Technologies comprises KX  software to accelerate AI-driven innovation; and First Derivative  providing consulting services which drive digital transformation in financial services and capital markets. KX - the high-performance analytics database engine for AI-driven innovation KX's mission is to accelerate data and AI-driven innovation with high performance analytics database solutions  enabling our customers to transform into AI-first enterprises. KX is trusted by the world's top investment banks and hedge funds  aerospace and defence  life and health sciences  semiconductor  telecommunications and advanced manufacturing companies. Time series and vector data analytics and management are at the heart of our products  independently benchmarked as the fastest on the market. They help our customers process data at unmatched speed and scale and empower line-of- business leaders  developers  data scientists  and data engineers to build high-performancedata-driven applications and turbocharge their favourite analytics tools in the cloud  on premise or at the edge. In FY24 KX achieved significant technological milestones including: The introduction of KDB.AI  expanding our product suite with a vector database that offers unmatched analytical capabilitiesThe launch of a kdb Insights Enterprise offering with Microsoft and kdb Insights offerings with AWS  Databricks  GCP and Snowflake  each presenting a compelling value proposition  greatly reduced time to value and reduced cost to operateThe launch of kdb+ 4.1  providing significant updates in performance  security and usability and empowering developers to turbo charge workloadsExpanded features and capabilities of our language interfaces and tooling including Python  SQL and also Visual Studio Code. For example  our native Python-first interface  'PyKX'  now has more than 150 000 downloads and is central to our sales pipeline and ability to win new logos. Industry forecasts by Gartner highlight significant annual investments across non-relational databases ($54bn)  analytics and business intelligence platforms ($26bn)  and data science and AI platforms ($24bn)  with growth rates ranging from 20 to 25% annually. Commercial progress During FY24  the KX business added £14m of annual contract value and ARR grew by 12% (at constant currency). The lower than expected growth in ARR bookings was primarily as a result of lower than expected pipeline conversation rates  particularly with respect to new offerings and new channels. Furthermore  in the current macroeconomic environment customers are scrutinising their IT and cloud spend with renewed focus on operating costs. This resulted in lengthening sales cycles for larger purchases. As a demonstration of strategic progress and return on recent investments  over 40% of new bookings in FY24 came from industry segments outside of capital markets; 25% of our new bookings were in Aerospace & Defence and 10% in semiconductor manufacturing  working with our OEM and systems integration industry partners. Furthermore  approximately 90% of our new bookings are from strategic products as opposed to solutions. During FY24 we made additional investment to underpin our generative AI product offering and in FY25 we will optimise our cost base to focus our investment on the areas of highest return.Leadership During the year we made multiple key hires within the KX executive team  including a Chief Revenue Officer  Clint Maddox  who has a track record of sales leadership success in enterprise technology and channel distribution; a Chief Marketing Officer  Peter Finter  who has experience building marketing strategies at hyper-growth technology companies; and a Chief Product & Engineering Officer  Michael Gilfix  who has a track record building scalable global software product businesses for the enterprise market. We continue to invest in sales and marketing  strengthening and evolving our go- to-market team at all levels. Opportunity for KX in the AI era During FY24 we reinforced the position of kdb+ as the go-to database and query language for high-performance data analysis and model development. The rise of AI and the vast Python ecosystem present exciting opportunities that are seamlessly bridged by PyKX  our Python-first interface  and the collaborative environments of kdb Insights and Insights Enterprise. Now  KDB.AI further enriches this landscape  providing powerful tools specifically tailored for AI-driven applications and data platforms such as the AI Factory concept. At the heart of the AI Factory  KX delivers a high-performance  scalable  and efficient analytics engine tailored for processing time-sensitive data. Our mission is to empower enterprises across various sectors to leverage the immense power of their data for insightful discovery  operational efficiency  and effective risk management. Aligning with the expansive market potential identified by industry experts  KX focuses on driving innovation and value  sidestepping the granular market size specifics for individual verticals. Go-to-market priorities in FY25 The unique capabilities and differentiation of KX technology continue to be consistently confirmed by our customers and partners. It is from this base that we have built our growth plans. The key drivers of sustainable growth in FY25 and beyond are: Disciplined focus on established  repeatable use cases in capital markets leveraging standard configurations with options for cloud and on-premise infrastructureon-premise infrastructure Continued investment in aerospace and defence leveraging our partnerships with Cloud Service Providers (CSPs) and specialist systems integratorsWorking with established OEM partners and channels to target customer wins in semiconductor and high-tech manufacturinghigh-tech manufacturing Continuing to work with the CSPs on joint market propositions in capital markets as well as generative AI and as an OEM component within sector-specific solutionssector-specific solutions Accelerating work with customers to validate differentiated use cases within generative AI and generate market share.First Derivative - driving digital transformation in financial services and capital markets First Derivative is a capital markets focused consultancy that delivers a combination of deep domain skills and expertise in relevant technologies to enable its customers to meet their most demanding technology challenges. We are a trusted partner of leading investment banks  putting business outcomes at the centre of what we set out to achieve. First Derivative delivered revenue of £170m for the year  down 8% from the prior year as a result of the challenging conditions in its market. FY24 contained a number of challenges for the global consulting industry as companies around the world reigned in spending. In particular  the failure of Silicon Valley Bank in March 2023 started a chain reaction among a number of US mid-tier banks. These events led most banks to halt spending on new initiatives and even cut back their spending on existing contracted engagements. The timing of the downturn in customer spending coincided with the completion of two major projects  resulting in a higher than typical bench that required some rightsizing to return to normal levels. Market conditions did not improve through the year  as recession and the global political environment impacted customer confidence. Reduced income from mergers and acquisitions and IPOs resulted in customer budgets  including for technology  being cut further. Later in FY24  some stability returned to customer spending with a growing need for change within our customers. Spend on compliance also improved later in the year given the regulatory change agenda over the next few years. These factors provide optimism on customer spending when technology budgets improve. Despite the challenging conditions of reduced customer spending there has been an improvement in bookings in Q4 FY24. While we are confident about the market fit of the services we provide  our customer relationships and our abilities  we continue to take a conservative view of near-term demand while positioning ourselves to benefit from a return to growth as customers release their technology budgets. People The Group currently employs more than 2 400 people  down 18% from the same time last year as a result of the merger of MRP with CONTENTgine and cost optimisation in First Derivative. Our people policies are one of three key pillars on which our corporate responsibility and sustainability are designed  enabling us to attract and retain the talent needed to execute our growth strategy. During FY24  we focused on developing our leadership and continued to pay particular attention to learning and development. Across our business and particularly within KX we hired key talent to lead the execution of our strategy  while identifying and developing our existing leadership talent through internally developed programmes such as the Aspiring Leadership Programme. This programme offers a structured and practical path to fast track high-potential individuals into leadership roles. We also evaluated and benchmarked every employee across the Group to ensure everyone is paid competitively and continue to foster a culture of high performance and feedback. Despite the challenging market conditions in FY24 we adopted a focused approach to talent acquisition to ensure that we were hiring the right people for the right roles at the right time. Our focus for FY25 is to continue with planned recruitment to serve our growth strategy while further developing our training and development programmes to cultivate our talent.Financial review Revenue and Margins The table below shows the breakdown of Group performance between KX and First Derivative. FY24 FY23* Group KX First Group KX First Group Derivative Derivative change £m £m £m £m £m £m Revenue 248.9 79.1 169.7 254.6 71.0 183.6 (2%) Cost of sales (143.2) (17.2) (126.0) (149.3) (16.9) (132.3) (4%) Gross profit 105.7 62.0 43.7 105.3 54.1 51.2 0% Gross margin 42% 78% 26% 41% 76% 28% R&D expenditure (31.1) (30.2) (0.9) (23.4) (23.0) (0.4) 33% R&D capitalised 24.8 23.9 0.9 19.4 19.0 0.4 28% Net R&D (6.3) (6.2) (0.1) (4.0) (4.0) (0.0) 58% Sales and marketing costs (40.1) (31.8) (8.2) (15.3) (4%) (41.6) (26.3) Adjusted admin expenses (36.3) (18.8) (17.5) (26.4) (11.0) (15.5) 37% Adjusted EBITDA 23.1 5.1 18.0 33.3 12.8 20.5 (31%) Adjusted EBITDA margin 9% 6% 11% 13% 18% 11% * FY23 has been restated excluding discontinued operations (MRP) The revenue performance was led by 12% growth in KX while First Derivative declined by 8%  resulting in a 2% decline in Group revenue in the period. There was no appreciable currency impact on results due to similar average dollar FX rates this year compared to last year. Gross profit margin increased to 42% (FY23: 41%)  with performance led by KX. During the year we announced we would accelerate investment in KX product development and go-to-market  particularly to target opportunities in AI. As a result  KX R&D cost increased by 31% and sales and marketing cost by 21%  supporting the launch of KDB.AI and contributing to our go-to-market capability. In addition  we continue to invest in people and systems to target the high growth markets in which we operate. These investments  together with the revenue reduction at First Derivative  resulted in adjusted EBITDA declining by 31% to £23.1m (FY23: £33.3m). Reclassification of KX service revenue to First Derivative During the period we transferred professional services contracts relating to post implementation consultancy and development from KX to First Derivative  where it is better placed to be serviced and grow. The numbers stated above reflect this change and the prior year results have also been restated to enable like-for-like comparison. The impact in the period was to move £9.0m of KX services revenue to First Derivative (FY23: £9.3m)  along with £5.6m cost of sales (FY23: £5.4m) resulting in an impact on gross profit of £3.4m (FY23: £3.9m). A £0.1m movement in adjusted admin expenses (FY23: £0.1m) resulted in a net movement in adjusted EBITDA of £3.3m from KX to FD for the period (FY23: £3.8m).KX KX total Financial services Industry FY24 FY23 Change FY24 FY23 Change FY24 FY23 Change £m £m £m £m £m £m Revenue 79.1 71.0 12% 62.5 59.7 5% 16.6 11.3 48% Recurring 68.4 57.6 19% 56.4 50.2 13% 12.0 7.4 62% Perpetual 2.3 1.6 45% 0.1 0.2 (76%) 2.2 1.3 64% Total software 70.7 59.1 20% 56.5 50.4 12% 14.2 8.7 62% Services 8.5 11.9 (29%) 6.0 9.3 (35%) 2.4 2.5 (4%) Gross profit 62.0 54.1 15% Adjusted EBITDA 5.1 12.8 (60%) KX delivered 12% revenue growth in the period  driven by 19% growth in recurring revenue to £68m  balanced by a 29% reduction in services to £8.5m. The reduction in services reflects the increased ease of adoption of our software and therefore lower level of implementation services required. Annual contract value (ACV) added was £13.5m (FY23: £18.7m)  with more than 80% of ACV added coming from repeatable use cases in capital markets and aerospace and defence. Revenue from perpetual license sales relates primarily to continuing customer engagements entered into before our decision in FY22 to focus exclusively on subscription sales for new customers. Financial services revenue grew by 5% to £62.5m  with recurring revenue in financial services up 13%. We continue to benefit from adoption of kdb Insights by existing and new customers  attracted by its performance  ease of use and rapid time to value  as well as native integration with important developer languages such as Python and SQL. We had several new customer wins in the period driven by the release of PyKX  our Python-first interface  which now has more than 150 000 downloads. Industry revenue grew by 48% to £16.6m with recurring revenue growing by 62% to £12.0m. This growth was primarily attributable to aerospace and defence and semiconductor manufacturing  where we have developed repeatable use cases that represent large and growing market opportunities. For target markets outside of those referenced above we will work primarily through our partner networks of CSPs  OEMs and systems integrators to develop use cases that provide compelling return on investment. Performance metrics FY24 FY23 Annual recurring revenue (ARR) £m 72.5 65.3 Net revenue retention (NRR) 109% 119% Gross margin 78% 76% R&D expenditure as % of revenue 38% 32% Sales and marketing spend as % of revenue 40% 37% Adjusted EBITDA margin 6% 18% Change 11% ARR increased by 11% to £72.5m while NRR of 109% is lower than the 119% achieved in FY23 principally due to the lower level of ACV added in the period. We continue to invest across KX to develop products that will enable us to gain market share in our target markets and to address the AI opportunity  as well as the go to market capability and leadership to deliver our growth strategy.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.34,0.12,True,English,"['FD Technologies', 'Results', 'year', 'constant currency annual recurring revenue', 'high-performance analytical database landscape', 'lower pipeline conversion rates', 'B2B technology buyer insights', 'fewer repeatable use cases', 'key technical wins', 'leading industry partners', 'stable activity levels', 'optimal organisational structure', 'Annual contract value', 'kdb Insights offerings', 'share based payments', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'general technology skills', 'real-time contextual AI', 'next growth phase', 'significant strategic progress', 'stronger, sustainable growth', 'N/A Net debt', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'enormous addressable market', 'FD Technologies plc', 'KX leadership team', 'Financial summary Year', 'first major release', 'Group structure review', 'vector database', 'lower spending', 'Chief Product', 'Engineering Officer', 'core technology', 'financial services', 'share merger', 'Change Revenue', 'major existing', 'major step', 'First Derivative', 'first step', 'Euronext Growth', 'core markets', 'AI opportunity', 'ARR) growth', 'sales cycles', 'newer markets', 'macroeconomic headwinds', '19 new logos', 'initial sales', 'reduced time', 'McLaren Applied', 'four years', 'senior appointments', 'EBITDA margin', 'customer base', 'best interests', 'lead generation', 'associate investment', 'future years', 'final step', 'Seamus Keating', 'exciting opportunities', 'ARR growth', 'early months', 'clear path', 'operational improvements', 'growing opportunity', 'Gross profit', '36.3p N', 'lease obligations', 'KX revenue', 'short-term challenges', 'potential customers', 'operational challenges', 'customer spending', 'continuing operations', 'discontinued operations', 'value creation', 'three businesses', 'year comparison', 'cost base', 'diluted LPS', 'Q4 FY24', 'thoughtful process', 'A FY23', 'performance measures', 'May', 'Results', '29 February', 'FDP', 'position', 'lengthened', 'combination', 'aerospace', 'defence', 'period', 'number', 'ability', 'Launch', 'Microsoft', 'AWS', 'GCP', 'Databricks', 'Snowflake', 'partnerships', 'SRC', 'kdb+', 'caution', 'costs', 'efficiency', 'adjusted', 'Areas', 'demand', 'domain', 'bookings', 'October', 'Board', 'allocation', 'capital', 'shareholders', 'March', 'separation', 'MRP', 'CONTENTgine', 'provider', 'entity', 'measured', 'way', 'transaction', 'Advisers', 'updates', 'CEO', 'FY25', 'clarity', 'focus', 'expectations', 'industries', 'margins', 'conclusion', 'confidence', '0% Loss', 'tax', 'EPS', 'restructure']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NATIONAL-ENERGY-SERVICES--35726182/news/National-Energy-Services-Reunited-Post-Oak-Blvd-Suite-730-Houston-Texas-77056-Form-6-K-46786982/,National Energy Services Reunited : Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730 Houston  Texas 77056 - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)  777 Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730 Houston  Texas 77056   May 24  2024   Dear Shareholder    On behalf of the Board of Directors  it is my pleasure to extend to you an invitation to attend the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Nationa…,"777 Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730Houston  Texas 77056May 24  2024Dear Shareholder On behalf of the Board of Directors  it is my pleasure to extend to you an invitation to attend the 2024 Annual General Meeting of National Energy Services Reunited Corp. The annual general meeting will be held at:Where: 777 Post Oak Boulevard  Suite 730  Houston  Texas 77056 Date: June 14  2024 Time: 8:00 a.m. Houston timeThe Notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Statement describes the business to be transacted at the annual general meeting and provides other information concerning National Energy Services Reunited Corp. The principal business to be transacted at the annual general meeting will be (a) the re-election of each of our five current directors and the election of one additional director  each for a term of one year  (b) to approve an advisory resolution on executive compensation  (c) to ratify the appointment of Grant Thornton Audit and Accounting Limited (Dubai Branch) (""GT"") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31  2024 and (d) to approve the reservation of 6 500 000 ordinary shares of the Company for issuance under the 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan (the ""LTIP""). The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that shareholders vote for the election of the nominated directors  for the advisory resolution on executive compensation  for the ratification of the appointment of GT  and for the reservation of shares for issuance under the LTIP.We know that many of our shareholders will be unable to attend the annual general meeting. Proxies are solicited so that each shareholder has an opportunity to vote on all matters that are scheduled to come before the annual general meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual general meeting  we hope that you will have your stock represented by voting online  by telephone  or by completing and returning a proxy card or voting instruction card as soon as possible. You may  of course  attend the annual general meeting and vote in person even if you have previously voted.If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares  please call our proxy solicitor  Morrow Sodali LLC  at (800) 662-5200 (toll-free); banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400.Sincerely Sherif FodaExecutive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer12024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND PROXY STATEMENTTABLE OF CONTENTSNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 3 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS 8 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON 12 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 12 INFORMATION ABOUT THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES 12 PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADVISORY RESOLUTION ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 14 COMPENSATION 15 SHARE OWNERSHIP OF OUR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 25 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 25 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 25 PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 25 PROPOSAL NO. 4: APPROVAL OF RESERVATION OF ORDINARY SHARES FOR ISSUANCE UNDER THE LTIP 262NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGTime and Date 8:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time June 14  2024 Where 777 Post Oak Boulevard  Suite 730  Houston  Texas 77056 Items of Business (1) To re-elect our five current directors and to elect one additional director to NESR's Board of Directors for a term of one year. (2) To approve an advisory resolution on executive compensation (""say on pay""). (3) To ratify the appointment of GT as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31  2024. (4) To approve the reservation of 6 500 000 ordinary shares of the Company for issuance under the LTIP. Adjournments and Postponements Any action on the items of business described above may be considered at the annual general meeting at the time and on the date specified above or at any time and date to which the annual general meeting may be properly adjourned or postponed. Record Date The record date for the annual general meeting is May 10  2024. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on that date will be entitled to notice of  and to vote at  the annual general meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the annual general meeting. Voting Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual general meeting  we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote your shares in advance of the annual general meeting by submitting your proxy by internet  telephone or mail as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your ordinary shares  please refer to the section entitled ""Questions and Answers About the Proxy Materials and the Annual General Meeting"" of the proxy statement and the instructions on the proxy or voting instruction card.By Order of the Board of DirectorsSherif FodaExecutive Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerMay 24  2024This notice of annual general meeting and proxy statement and form of proxy are being distributed on or about May 24  2024.3QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUTTHE PROXY MATERIALS AND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGQ: Why am I receiving these materials? A: The Board of Directors (""Board"") of National Energy Services Reunited Corp.  a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (BVI) (the ""Company""  ""NESR"" or ""we"")  is providing these proxy materials to you in connection with NESR's annual general meeting  which will take place on June 14  2024. As a shareholder  you are invited to attend the annual general meeting online and vote on the items of business described in this proxy statement. Our proxy materials are also available at https://www.cstproxy.com/nesr/2024 Q: When and where are we holding the annual general meeting? A: Our annual general meeting for 2024 will be held at 777 Post Oak Boulevard  Suite 730  Houston  Texas 77056  at 8:00 AM  Central Daylight time  on June 14  2024. Q: What information is contained in this proxy statement? A: The information included in this proxy statement relates to the proposals to be voted on at the annual general meeting  the voting process  the compensation of directors and NESR's most highly paid executive officers  and certain other information about NESR. Q: How may I obtain NESR's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or ""SEC"")? A: Our 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F constitutes our annual report to shareholders. Copies of the 2023 Annual Report are available on our website at www.NESR.com under the ""Investor Relations"" tab  in the EDGAR database on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and at https://www.cstproxy.com/nesr/2024 . Shareholders may also request a free copy of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F from:National Energy Services Reunited Corp.777 Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730Houston  Texas 77056Attention: Investor RelationsTelephone: (832) 925-3777Email: investors@nesr.comNESR will also furnish any exhibit to Form 20-F  if specifically requested.Q: What items of business will be voted on at the annual general meeting? A: The items of business scheduled to be voted on at the annual general meeting are:● The re-election of five directors and the election of one additional director to NESR's Board for a term of one year; ● The approval of an advisory resolution on executive compensation; ● Ratifying the appointment of GT as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31  2024; and ● The approval of the reservation of 6 500 000 ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP.Q: How does the Board recommend that I vote? A: The Board recommends that you vote your ordinary shares ""FOR"" each of the nominees to the Board  ""FOR"" the advisory resolution on executive compensation  ""FOR"" the ratification of GT as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2024  and ""FOR"" the reservation of 6 500 000 ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP.Q: What shares can I vote? A: Each NESR ordinary share issued and outstanding as of the close of business on May 10  2024  the record date for the annual general meeting  is entitled to be voted on all items being voted upon at the annual general meeting. The record date for the annual general meeting is the date used to determine both the number of ordinary shares that are entitled to be voted at the annual general meeting and the identity of the shareholders of record and beneficial owners of those shares who are entitled to vote those shares at the annual general meeting. On the record date for the annual general meeting  we had 95 408 453 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. You may vote all ordinary shares owned by you as of the record date  including (1) shares held directly in your name as the shareholder of record and (2) shares held for you as the beneficial owner through a broker  trustee or other nominee  such as a bank  pursuant to the instructions of such record holder. Q: What is the difference between holding ordinary shares as a shareholder of record and as a beneficial owner? A: Most NESR shareholders hold their ordinary shares through a broker or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below  there are some distinctions between ordinary shares held of record and those owned beneficially.4Shareholder of Record If your ordinary shares are registered directly in your name with NESR's transfer agent  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company  you are considered with respect to those shares the shareholder of record  and these proxy materials are being sent directly to you by NESR. As the shareholder of record  you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to NESR management or to attend the annual general meeting and vote all shares registered in your name during the meeting. Beneficial Owner If your ordinary shares are held in a brokerage account or by another nominee  you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you together with voting instructions. As the beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  trustee or nominee how to vote and you are also invited to attend the annual general meeting. Since a beneficial owner is not the shareholder of record  you may not attend the annual general meeting and vote all shares unless you obtain a ""legal proxy"" from the broker  trustee or nominee that holds your shares  giving you the right to vote the shares at the annual general meeting. Your broker  trustee or nominee should have provided voting instructions for you to use in directing the broker  trustee or nominee how to vote your shares. Q: How can I attend the annual general meeting? A: You are entitled to attend the annual general meeting only if you were a NESR shareholder as of the close of business on May 10  2024 or you hold a valid proxy for the annual general meeting. You should be prepared to present photo identification for admittance. In addition  if you are a shareholder of record  your name will be verified against the list of shareholders of record on the record date prior to your being admitted to the annual general meeting. If you are not a shareholder of record but hold ordinary shares through a broker or nominee (i.e.  in street name)  you should provide proof of beneficial ownership on the record date  such as your most recent account statement prior to the record date  a copy of the voting instructions provided by your broker  trustee or nominee or other similar evidence of ownership. If you do not provide photo identification or comply with the procedures outlined above upon request  you will not be admitted to the annual general meeting. The annual general meeting is scheduled to begin promptly at 8:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time. Q: How can I vote my ordinary shares in person at the annual general meeting? A: Ordinary shares held in your name as the shareholder of record may be voted in person at the annual general meeting. Ordinary shares held beneficially in street name may be voted in person only if you obtain a legal proxy from the broker  trustee or nominee that holds your shares giving you the right to vote the shares. Even if you plan to attend the annual general meeting  we recommend that you also submit your proxy or voting instructions as described below so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the annual general meeting.Q: How do I vote my ordinary shares without attending the annual general meeting? A: Whether you hold ordinary shares directly as the shareholder of record or beneficially in street name  you may direct how your shares are voted without attending the annual general meeting. If you hold ordinary shares beneficially in street name  you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker  trustee or nominee. If you are a shareholder of record  you may vote by submitting a proxy by mail or by voting online or by telephone  as follows:(1) by Internet at the web address shown on your proxy card; (2) by telephone by calling 1-866-894-0536 (U.S. only) and following the instructions on the proxy card; or (3) by mail  by completing  signing and returning the enclosed proxy card.Telephone and internet voting will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on June 13  2024.Q: May I change my vote? A: You may change your vote at any time prior to the vote at the annual general meeting. If you are the shareholder of record  you may change your vote by:(1) sending a written notice of revocation to NESR's Corporate Secretary by mail dated as of a later date than the date of the proxy and received prior to the annual general meeting; (2) sending a completed proxy card bearing a later date than your original proxy card and mailing it so that it is received prior to the annual general meeting; (3) logging on to the Internet website specified on your proxy card in the same manner you would submit your proxy electronically  or by calling the telephone number specified on your proxy card  in each case if you are eligible to do so and following the instructions on the proxy card; or (4) attending the annual general meeting and voting all shares registered in your name during the meeting.Attendance at the annual general meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically so request. For ordinary shares you hold beneficially in street name  you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker  trustee or nominee prior to the annual general meeting  or  if you have obtained a legal proxy from your broker or nominee giving you the right to vote your shares  by attending the annual general meeting and voting all shares registered in your name during the meeting.5Q: Is my vote confidential? A: Proxy instructions  ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual shareholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either within NESR or to third parties  except (1) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements  (2) to allow for the tabulation of votes and certification of the vote and (3) to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. However  occasionally shareholders provide written comments on their proxy cards  which proxy cards are then forwarded to NESR management. Q: How many ordinary shares must be present or represented to conduct business at the annual general meeting? A: Holders of at least 50% of the total votes of the Company's ordinary shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the annual general meeting  present at the annual general meeting or represented by proxy  constitute a quorum. Your shares are counted as present if you attend the annual general meeting and vote or if you properly vote by Internet  telephone or mail in advance of the annual general meeting. In the absence of a quorum  within two hours from the time appointed for the meeting  at the discretion of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  the meeting shall either be dissolved or stand adjourned to a business day at the same time and place  and if at the adjourned meeting there are present within one hour of the time appointed for the meeting in person or by proxy not less than one-third of the votes of our shareholders entitled to vote  those present shall constitute a quorum. Abstentions will be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum  but broker non-votes will not be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum.Q: How are votes counted? A: In the election of directors  you may vote ""FOR"" one or more of the nominees or ""AGAINST"" one or more of them  or you may ""ABSTAIN."" For the advisory vote on executive compensation  the ratification of the appointment of GT and the vote to approve the reservation of additional ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP  you may vote ""FOR "" ""AGAINST"" or ""ABSTAIN."" Abstentions with respect to these proposals will not be counted. The shares represented by all valid proxies received by telephone  by Internet or by mail will be voted in the manner specified. Where specific choices are not indicated  the ordinary shares represented by all valid proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Board (i.e.  ""FOR"" all of NESR's nominees to the Board  ""FOR"" the advisory vote on executive compensation and the auditor ratification proposal and ""FOR"" the vote to approve the reservation of additional ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP). If you hold ordinary shares beneficially in street name and do not provide your broker with voting instructions on the proposal to elect directors  the advisory vote on executive compensation and the approval of reservation of ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP  your shares constitute ""broker non-votes."" Generally  broker non-votes occur on a matter when a broker is not permitted to vote on that matter without instructions from the beneficial owner and instructions are not given. In tabulating the voting result for these proposals  ordinary shares that constitute broker non-votes are not considered entitled to vote on that proposal. Thus  broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of these proposals at the annual general meeting. Q: What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? A: Approval of the election of director nominees requires each one of the nominees to be approved by a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the annual general meeting. This means that each of the six nominees will be elected if each is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the annual general meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of directors. The advisory vote on executive compensation  the appointment of GT as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31  2024  and the approval of the reservation of ordinary shares for issuance under the LTIP each require the affirmative vote of a majority of those ordinary shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on that proposal at the annual general meeting. Abstentions will count as a vote against each of these proposals. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome. Q: Is cumulative voting permitted for the election of directors? A: No. NESR does not allow you to cumulate your vote in the election of directors. For all matters proposed for shareholder action at the annual general meeting  each ordinary share outstanding as of the close of business on the record date is entitled to one vote. Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials? A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials  including multiple copies of this proxy statement and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example  if you hold your ordinary shares in more than one brokerage account  you may receive a separate voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a shareholder of record and your ordinary shares are registered in more than one name  you may receive more than one proxy card. Please follow the voting instructions with respect to each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive.Q: How may I obtain a separate set of voting materials? A: If you share an address with another shareholder  you may receive only one set of proxy materials unless you have provided contrary instructions. If you wish to receive a separate set of proxy materials now or in the future  you may contact us to request a separate copy of these materials at:National Energy Services Reunited Corp.777 Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730Houston  Texas 77056Attention: Investor RelationsTelephone: (832) 925-3777Email: investors@nesr.comSimilarly  if you share an address with another shareholder and have received multiple copies of our proxy materials  you may contact us as indicated above to request delivery of a single copy of these materials in the future.6Q: Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the annual general meeting? A: NESR is making this solicitation and will pay the entire cost of preparing  assembling  printing  mailing and distributing proxy materials and soliciting votes. NESR has engaged Morrow Sodali LLC (the ""Proxy Solicitor"") to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the annual general meeting. NESR has agreed to pay the Proxy Solicitor a fee of $7 500 plus disbursements. In addition to the mailing of these proxy materials  the solicitation of proxies or votes may be made  by telephone or by electronic communication by our directors  officers and employees  who will not receive any additional compensation for such solicitation activities. Upon request  we will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians  nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding proxy and solicitation materials to shareholders. Q. Who can help answer my questions? A. If you have questions about the proposals or if you need additional copies of this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card  you may contact our proxy solicitor: Morrow Sodali LLC 333 Ludlow Street  5th Floor  South Tower Stamford  CT 06902 Shareholders call: (800) 662-5200 Banks and brokers call: (203) 658-9400 NESR.info@investor.morrowsodali.com Q: Where can I find the voting results of the annual general meeting? A: We intend to announce preliminary voting results at the annual general meeting and publish final results in our report on Form 6-K filed after the annual general meeting. Q: What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year's annual general meeting of shareholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors? A: You may submit proposals  including director nominations  for consideration at future annual general meetings as indicated below.Submission of Shareholder Proposals Our Board of Directors is aware of no other matter that is required to be brought before the annual general meeting. Under BVI law  only business that is specified in the notice of an annual general meeting can be transacted at the annual general meeting.Future Shareholder ProposalsIf you wish to nominate a person for election as a director of the Company following the expiry of an existing term under Regulation 9.1(b) or present any other proposal for consideration at the 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders  you must give timely notice thereof in writing to the Company in accordance with the Company's Memorandum and Articles of Association and Company policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing  the Board may  at its discretion  refuse any nomination or the consideration of any other proposal unless such nomination or other proposal has the support in writing of persons holding not less than 30 percent of the voting rights which may be exercised in respect of a vote on such matter if it were presented for consideration at an annual general meeting of shareholders.If you wish to have your proposal considered for inclusion in the proxy statement and proxy card for our 2025 annual general meeting  but subject always to the Board's discretion to reject as set out above  the proposal must be received at our principal executive offices within a reasonable time before we begin to print and send the proxy materials for our 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders. Shareholder proposals for the 2025 annual general meeting must comply with the notice requirements described in this paragraph to be considered for inclusion in the proxy materials relating to our 2025 annual general meeting.7CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERSWe are a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on January 23  2017 as a BVI business company limited by shares (company number 1935445)  and our affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of Association (which document shall be herein referred to as our ""Charter"")  the BVI Business Companies Act  2004  as amended (the ""Companies Act"")  and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The registered office of the Company is at Luna Tower  Waterfront Drive  Road Town  Tortola  VG1110  British Virgin Islands  and the registered agent of the Company is Intertrust Corporate Services (BVI) Limited also at Luna Tower  Waterfront Drive  Road Town  Tortola  VG1110  British Virgin Islands.Appointment and Removal of DirectorsMembers of our Board of Directors may be elected by a simple majority of the votes validly cast at any general meeting of shareholders. On May 14  2024  our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our Charter to eliminate the distinction between Class I and Class II directors. At this meeting you will be asked to elect all director nominees as a single class for a term of one year following their election (which period may be extended at any time by resolution of the directors but not beyond the date of the next annual general meeting) or until the first general meeting following their election. (See discussion of Charter Amendment below). Any director may be removed  even without cause  by a majority vote at any general meeting of shareholders. If the office of a director becomes vacant  our Charter provides that the other directors  acting by a majority  may fill the vacancy on a provisional basis until a new director is appointed at the next general meeting of shareholders.Neither BVI law nor the Charter contains any restrictions as to the voting of our ordinary shares by non-BVI residents.As of May 24  2024  the Board of Directors consisted of five directors  namely Antonio J. Campo Mejia  Andrew L. Waite  Sherif Foda  Thomas Wood and Yousef Al Nowais. More information about our current senior management and Board is set forth below.Charter AmendmentOn May 14  2024  our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our Charter to eliminate the distinction between Class I and Class II directors  At the 2024 annual general meeting and at future annual general meetings  all directors will be nominated as a single class to be elected or re-elected for a term of one year following their election (which period may be extended at any time by resolution of the directors but not beyond the date of the next annual general meeting) or until the first general meeting following their election. No other amendments were made to our Charter. Our amended and restated Charter was filed as an attachment on Form 6-K on or about May 24  2024  and is incorporated in this proxy statement by reference.Shareholder CommunicationsShareholders who wish to communicate directly with our Board of Directors  or any individual director  should direct questions in writing to our Corporate Secretary  National Energy Services Reunited Corp.  777 Post Oak Blvd.  Suite 730  Houston  Texas 77056. The mailing envelope must contain a clear notation indicating that the enclosed letter is a ""Board Communication"" or ""Director Communication."" All such letters must identify the author and clearly state whether the intended recipients are all members of the Board of Directors or just certain specified individual directors. The Corporate Secretary will make copies of all such letters and circulate them to the appropriate director or directors.Shareholder Rights and ProtectionsOur governing documents are drafted in a way that is intended to ensure shareholders are able to voice their opinions on board nominees and other proxy initiatives  as well as other corporate actions that may affect the value of their interests. Specifically with respect to voting matters  in order for directors to be elected (or re-elected) to serve on the company's board  they must receive support from holders of a majority of shares voted and they may be removed without cause.Director IndependenceThe Nasdaq Capital Market (""Nasdaq"") listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company. Although we are not currently listed on Nasdaq  we have applied for relisting and intend to comply with the Nasdaq listing standards. An ""independent director"" is defined under the Nasdaq rules generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the Company's Board of Directors  would interfere with the director's exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of our directors other than our CEO are ""independent directors"" as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Mr. Campo Mejia presides at these meetings of independent directors.Board and Committee Meeting AttendanceAll directors attended all of the meetings of the Board of Directors during 2023 and all Committee members attended all meetings of the Audit Committee  Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee  respectively.Environmental  Social and GovernanceWe are committed to fully integrating ESG principles into our business. We believe that our success is closely tied to the viability of the economies  environments  and communities in which we operate. We continually strive to create shared value through pursuing ESG initiatives that are aligned with community needs  our business strategies and our customers' priorities. We believe that managing material ESG risks and opportunities in our business can lead to operational efficiency  enhance our sustainability  and produce tangible and intangible value for our shareholders. Moreover  by striving to reduce our environmental footprint  deepen our social impact  and strengthen our corporate governance  we can reinforce our position in the MENA region as a premier local service provider and employer  and champion of the MENA region.8Since our inception  the goal of the Company's risk management process was to understand and manage material risks impacting our business. Additionally  we view a fundamental part of risk management as understanding what level of risk is appropriate  depending on the market environment and the specific issue at hand. While NESR's management is responsible for establishing our business strategy  identifying and assessing the related risks  and establishing appropriate risk management practices  the Board also oversees the risk management process to support the achievement of organizational objectives  improve long-term performance  and ultimately enhance shareholder value. The Board's key responsibilities around risk management are primarily effected through the Audit and Compensation Committees. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for overseeing the Company's risk management processes on behalf of the Board and regularly discusses and considers the processes by which management and relevant departments assess and manage the Company's exposure to risk. Furthermore  the Audit Committee discusses the Company's major financial risks and the steps taken by management to monitor  control  and report such exposures. The Audit Committee  reporting to the Board (which also considers the Company's risk profile)  obtains input from management regarding the most significant risks facing the Company and the Company's risk management strategy. The Compensation Committee oversees compensation risk management by participating in the creation of and approvals for compensation structures that incentivize and encourage an appropriate level of risk-taking behavior consistent with our business strategy.Beyond the risk oversight provided by the Audit and Compensation Committees  our full Board  executive officers  and members of our management team  our independent directors hold executive sessions as often as they deem appropriate  but at least four times per year. These executive sessions provide an additional avenue through which the Board monitors the Company's risk exposure and policies regarding risk management. Additionally  to safeguard employee health and safety and the continued production of our products  the Company continuously evaluates the extent to which our business and employees are subject to unintended liabilities and environmental risks such as toxic emissions and waste. Relevant ESG topics  risks  issues  and considerations - largely informed by related stakeholder feedback and the use of the different agencies frameworks as well as the SDGs - are managed at the Board level and are not currently assigned to a specific committee. Internal initiatives related to ESG are being driven predominantly at the executive and senior leadership level with the full support and guidance of the Board.Our Board believes that the directors and executive officers have the appropriate mix of expertise  experience  skills  qualifications  and attributes necessary to effectively lead the Company. Since our founding  we have built a reputation of transparency  ingenuity  performance  and integrity. We employ high ethical standards to better manage ESG risks and opportunities  while supporting the growth of our business and that of our customers. Our success is rooted in our adherence to core principles that govern the business  and we require all personnel  including our CEO and CFO and directors  to follow a Code of Conduct. Our Code of Conduct  which is fully supported by the Board  outlines our approach to managing conflicts related to bribery  fair dealing  gifts and entertainment  discrimination and harassment  recordkeeping and public reporting  confidentiality  and conflicts of interests  among others. We expect our directors  officers  and employees to be free from influences that conflict with the best interests of the Company.In 2024 we have taken the step of eliminating the two classes of directors with staggered two year terms and require each director to stand for election or re-election for a term of one year at each annual general meeting. We believe that this change aligns with shareholder interest and best practice.Identifying ESG business opportunities that can generate value for all our stakeholders is key to our continued success. In 2021  we embarked upon a new Environmental  Social  and Corporate Governance IMPACT (""ESG IMPACT"") initiative to introduce innovative energy solutions and develop a portfolio of product lines and services aimed to mitigate climate change  enhance water management and conservation  and minimize environmental waste in the industry. Since the inauguration of ESG IMPACT  we have grown and cultivated strategic technology partnerships  invested in key research and development projects  and executed field deployments of innovative solutions in four focus areas: Water Treatment and Mineral Recovery  Emissions Detection and Control  Flare Mitigation and Carbon Capture  and Heat Capture and Geothermal.In 2023  ESG IMPACT conducted a second successful pilot of our zero liquid discharge (""ZLD"") desalination solution in the MENA region's largest unconventional gas field to qualify another upstream circular water application and unlock the opportunity for commercial deployment of the technology. Additionally  we piloted our artificial intelligence-based  continuous emissions monitoring platform with a prominent  multinational customer in Oman  representing our largest pilot deployment to-date. In Carbon Capture  we executed the next phase of our carbon dioxide (""CO2"") sequestration pilot expansion  with an expanded scope encompassing CO2 logistics  injection  and subsurface monitoring. In Flare Mitigation  we mobilized equipment to North Africa to execute our first commercial-scale gas capture project  and in conjunction with our Well Testing service  the Company rolled out key Zero Flare services to augment the emissions profile of well evaluation.In the first quarter of 2024  we rebranded the ESG IMPACT initiative as NESR Environmental and Decarbonization Applications (""NEDA"") to signify the importance of industry action in decarbonizing the footprint of energy production. The NEDA initiative encompasses the growing portfolio of solutions that were previously launched under the ESG IMPACT initiative and that include a Carbon Light Brine Plant in North Rumaila  Iraq  providing for the utilization of brackish groundwater proximal to the plant to directly generate high-specification brine from a previously unusable water source  and the aforementioned ZLD pilot project in Saudi Arabia.Our Board of Directors and management are committed to transparency and open communication with shareholders  employees  and all other stakeholders. We believe that setting ESG key performance indicators across the company for different functions should allow us to achieve our ESG goals in an expedited manner. Moreover  we believe that public disclosure of our ESG performance through our different communication channels  and our proactivity in engaging with our stakeholders  will improve our competitiveness and enhance transparency in our business.Committees of the Board of DirectorsOur Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee  a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee and may create such other committees as the Board of Directors shall determine from time to time. Each of the standing committees of our Board of Directors have the composition and responsibilities described below and are governed by charters. To date  we have intentionally determined not to establish a separate ESG committee in order to ensure this important topic is discussed at the highest Board level.Audit CommitteeWe have established an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Waite  Mr. Campo Mejia and Mr. Wood  with Mr. Waite serving as the chairman of the Audit Committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules  subject to certain exceptions  we are required to have three members of the Audit Committee  all of whom must be independent. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Waite  Mr. Campo Mejia and Mr. Wood are each independent under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. If re-elected to the Board  Mr. Waite  Mr. Campo Mejia and Mr. Wood will continue to serve on the Audit Committee.9Each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate  and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Waite qualifies as an ""audit committee financial expert"" as defined in applicable SEC rules.We have adopted an Audit Committee charter  which details the principal functions of the Audit Committee  including:● reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements  and recommending to the Board of Directors whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual reports; ● reviewing and discussing with management and our independent auditor our quarterly financial statements prior to the filing of our quarterly reports  including the results of the independent auditor's review of the quarterly financial statements; ● discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; ● discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; ● monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; ● verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; ● reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; ● inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor  including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; ● appointing or replacing the independent auditor; ● determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; and ● establishing procedures for the receipt  retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting  internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies.On March 11  2022  the Board formed a subcommittee of its Audit Committee  consisting of independent directors Mr. Waite and Mr. Campo  to serve as an independent committee to understand and address the causes of the matters described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  relating to restatement of our previously issued audited financial statements as of and for the year-ended December 31  2020.Compensation CommitteeThe Board of Directors has formed a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee oversees and reviews various compensation matters and reports to the Board on such compensation matters. The current members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Wood  Mr. Campo Mejia  and Mr. Waite  with Mr. Wood serving as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. If re-elected to the Board  Mr. Wood  Mr. Campo Mejia and Mr. Waite will continue to serve on the Compensation Committee.We have adopted a Compensation Committee charter  which details the principal functions of the Compensation Committee  including:● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer's compensation  evaluating our Chief Executive Officer's performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; ● reviewing and approving the compensation of all other executive officers; ● recommending the short- and long-term incentive compensation of all executive officers to the Board of Directors; ● reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; ● implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and Annual Report disclosure requirements; ● approving all special perquisites  special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; ● if required  producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● reviewing  evaluating and recommending changes  if appropriate  to the remuneration for directors.10The charter also provides that the Compensation Committee may  in its sole discretion  retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant  legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment  compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However  before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant  external legal counsel or any other adviser  the Compensation Committee will consider the independence of each such adviser  including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.Nominating and Governance CommitteeOur Nominating and Governance Committee consists of Mr. Campo Mejia  Mr. Waite and Mr. Wood  with Mr. Campo Mejia serving as the chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for monitoring compliance with good corporate governance standards and overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors. If re-elected to the Board  Mr. Campo Mejia  Mr. Waite and Mr. Wood will continue to serve on the Nominating and Governance Committee.The Nominating and Governance Committee considers persons identified by its members  management  shareholders  investment bankers and others. The guidelines for selecting nominees  which are specified in our Nominating and Governance Committee charter  generally provide that persons to be nominated:● should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business  education or public service;● should possess the requisite intelligence  education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors and bring a range of skills  diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and ● should have the highest ethical standards  a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of our shareholders.The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience  background  integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person's candidacy for membership on the Board of Directors. The Nominating and Governance Committee may require certain skills or attributes  such as financial or accounting experience  to meet specific Board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of Board members. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.We have adopted a Nominating and Governance Committee charter which details the principal functions of the Nominating and Governance Committee including:● reviewing the Company's Code of Conduct and other governance guidelines at least annually and making such recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect thereto as it may seem advisable; ● reviewing qualifications of individuals suggested as potential candidates for director of the Company  including candidates suggested by shareholders  and considering for nomination any of such individuals who are deemed qualified in line with the Board of Directors Candidate Guidelines; ● recommending to the Board of Directors candidates for election as directors of the Company to fill open seats on the Board of Directors between annual general meetings  including vacancies created by an increase in the number of directors; ● providing comments and suggestions to the Board of Directors concerning committee structure of the Board of Directors  committee operations  committee member qualifications  and committee member appointment; ● reviewing any allegation that an executive officer or director may have violated the Company's Code of Conduct and reporting its findings to the Board of Directors; and ● taking such other actions and doing such other things as may be referred to the Nominating and Governance Committee from time to time by the Board of Directors.Leadership Structure and Risk OversightMr. Foda serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Foda has extensive experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Campo Mejia serves as lead independent director of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors' oversight of risk is administered directly through the Board of Directors  or through its Audit Committee. Various reports and presentations regarding risk management are presented to the Board of Directors including the procedures that the Company has adopted to identify and manage risk. The Audit Committee addresses risks that fall within the committee's area of responsibility. For example  the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the quality and objectivity of the Company's financial statements and the independent audit thereof. The Audit Committee reserves time at each of its meetings to meet with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm outside of the presence of the Company's management.We intend to adopt a clawback policy compliant with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the ""Dodd-Frank Act"")  prior to relisting on the Nasdaq Stock Market  see ""-Compensation Clawback Policy.""Code of Conduct and Business EthicsWe have a Code of Conduct applicable to our employees  contractors  directors and officers  including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  that meets the standards and definitions of the SEC. Any changes to  or waiver from  the Code of Conduct will be made only by the Board of Directors  or a committee thereof  and appropriate disclosure will be made promptly on our website at www.nesr.com  in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC.We have posted a copy of our Code of Conduct on our website at www.nesr.com in the Investor Relations section.The Code of Conduct governs the behavior of all employees throughout their employment with the Company. We ensure that the entire employee population is trained both on the Code of Conduct and more broadly on anti-corruption and business ethics standards  including whistle-blower protections  and our anti-corruption and business ethics practices are subject to regular internal audit. We conduct Code of Conduct training (including business ethics) each year through our Learning Management System  and we aim to train (or retrain) 100% of our employees each year. In 2023  we had 99.6% of our employees trained  tracked  and monitored in our Learning Management System  which is a repository for the individual digital certificates. In 2023  in addition to customary annual compliance training  501 employees attended Compliance Workshops.11PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ONPROPOSAL NO. 1ELECTION OF DIRECTORSOur Board of Directors is comprised of experienced  highly qualified individuals. At this meeting you will be asked to elect all director nominees as a single class for a term of one year. As demonstrated below  our Board of Directors would  as it currently stands  meet the Nasdaq's Listing Rules Related to Board Diversity (Rule 5605(f)) requiring one director who is an underrepresented minority  but would not meet the requirement of one female director. Search efforts are currently underway to add additional independent directors to the Company's Board including female and minority representation. Set forth below are the names  ages  class and positions of each of the individuals who currently serve as directors of NESR  and the individual nominated to serve as an additional director of NESR:Name Age(4) Position Antonio J. Campo Mejia 66 Lead Director Yousef Al Nowais(1) 69 Director Andrew Waite(2) 63 Director Thomas D. Wood 67 Director Sherif Foda 55 Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Anthony R. (Tony) Chase(3) 69 Director(1) Al Nowais Investments LLC (""ANI"") is entitled  pursuant to a Relationship Agreement dated June 6  2018  to nominate one director to the Board of Directors for so long as it or its affiliates hold at least 50% of the NESR ordinary shares acquired pursuant to our acquisition of NPS Holdings Limited (""NPS"") and Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. (""GES"") (collectively  the ""Business Combination""). Mr. Al Nowais represents ANI on the Board.(2) SCF-VIII  L.P. (""SCF-VIII"") is entitled  pursuant to a Voting Agreement dated June 6  2018  to nominate one director to the Board of Directors for so long as it or its affiliates hold at least 60% of the NESR ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the Business Combination. Mr. Waite represents SCF-VIII on the Board. Prior to restructuring during 2020  these shares held by SCF-VIII were held by SV3 Holdings  Pte Ltd.(3) Hana Investments Co. WLL (""Olayan"") is entitled  pursuant to a Relationship Agreement dated June 5  2018  to nominate one director to the Board of Directors for so long as Olayan and its Affiliates collectively hold  in the aggregate  at least 6 879 225 Common Shares (subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividends  splits  reverse splits  combinations  recapitalizations and the like occurring after June 5  2018). If elected  Mr. Chase will represent Olayan on the Board.(4) Age as of May 24  2024.Information regarding the business experience of each nominee is provided below. There are no familial relationships among NESR's executive officers and directors.The ordinary shares represented by all valid proxies received by telephone  by Internet or by mail will be voted in the manner specified. Where specific choices are not indicated  the ordinary shares represented by all valid proxies will be voted ""FOR"" each of the six candidates recommended by the Board.The Board expects that all the nominees will be available to serve as directors and all have consented in writing to that effect.The Board recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the following director nominees.INFORMATION ABOUT THE DIRECTOR NOMINEESSherif Foda has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NESR since inception. He started the company in 2017 as a SPAC to create the first and largest energy services company from the MENA region publicly listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. He has more than 25 years of professional experience in the energy industry working primarily in his earlier career for Schlumberger Limited (NYSE: SLB) around the world  particularly in the Middle East  Europe and the US. He served as Senior Advisor to the Chairman of SLB  an officer and President of the Production Group  the President of Europe and Africa  Vice President  and Managing Director of the Arabian market  President of well intervention worldwide  Vice President of Europe  Caspian and Africa  and Managing Director of Oman among other roles. He started his career in 1993 with SLB  working on the offshore fields in the Red Sea  then transferred to Germany and Eastern Europe before getting to multiple senior level positions. Prior to working in the oil and natural gas industry  he worked in the information technology and computer industry for two years after graduating from Ain Shams University in Cairo with double majors in Electronics Engineering and Automatic Control. He attended various executive courses at HBS  Oxford and IMD and is a usual speaker in multiple forums. Mr. Foda used to serve as a board member of Energy Recovery  Inc. (Nasdaq: ERII)  a technology company based in California and the Board of Trustees of Awty International School in Houston. He currently serves as the Chairman of the board of directors of WDVG Engineering based in Houston  GLC energy company in London and is a member of the Oxford Energy Policy Club in the UK. He is also a board member for Al Fanar Venture philanthropy in London.We believe that Mr. Foda is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry  including approximately 25 years with Schlumberger and his extensive oil field services industry experience throughout the MENA region and globally as an executive and board member.12Antonio J. Campo Mejia has been an independent director of the Company since May 12  2017  and is the Lead Director of the Board. Mr. Campo Mejia has been a non-executive director of the Supervisory Board of Fugro N.V. (Euronext: FUR)  a company providing geotechnical  survey  subsea and geosciences services since 2014 and Vice-Chairman of Basin Holdings  a global holding company focused on providing products and services to energy and industrial customers since 2012. From 2012 to 2013  Mr. Campo Mejia served as non-executive director at Integra Group  an oilfield services company  mainly active in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Campo Mejia also served as non-executive director at Basin Supply LP  Basin Tools LP and Basin Energy Services LP from 2009 to 2014. Prior to that  Mr. Campo Mejia spent 28 years of his professional career at Schlumberger  one of the world's leading oilfield services companies  in a multitude of senior management positions in different parts of the world. In his various roles with Schlumberger  Mr. Campo Mejia served as the President of Latin America for Oilfield Services and President of Europe & Africa and was the President of Schlumberger's Integrated Project Management business responsible for the worldwide operations in this service line. Prior to that  Mr. Campo Mejia served as Director of Personnel for the Reservoir Management Group in Houston  Texas and Vice President of Oilfield Services Latin America South  managing a full range of services in the region. In his career prior to 1997  Mr. Campo Mejia held a number of senior management and technical positions in Schlumberger's wireline business. Mr. Campo Mejia received his bachelor's degree in Electronic Engineering from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in 1980.We believe that Mr. Campo Mejia is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and natural gas industry and his experience as an executive in oilfield services and board member of multinational companies. In addition  we believe his unique perspective as an underrepresented minority adds a valued viewpoint to the Board.Andrew Waite was elected to the Board as of June 6  2018  and is an independent director. Mr. Waite is Managing Partner of SCF Partners  Inc.  the ultimate general partner of SCF-VIII  L.P.  and has been an officer of that company since October 1995. He was previously Vice President of Simmons & Company International  where he served from August 1993 to September 1995. From 1984 to 1991  Mr. Waite held a number of engineering and project management positions with Royal Dutch / Shell Group  an integrated energy company. Mr. Waite currently serves on the board of directors of Nine Energy Service  Inc. (NYSE: NINE)  a position he has held since February 2013. Mr. Waite previously served on the board of directors of Complete Production Services  Inc. (previously NYSE:CPX)  a provider of specialized oil and natural gas completion and production services  from 2007 to 2009  Hornbeck Offshore Services  Inc. (previously NYSE:HOS)  a provider of marine services to the energy sector and military customers  from 2000 to 2006  Oil States International  Inc. (NYSE:OIS)  a diversified oilfield services and equipment company  from August 1995 through April 2006  Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited (SGX: 5UL)  a provider of marine logistic  ship repair  fabrication  and other marine services  from January 2016 to December 2018 and Forum Energy Technologies  Inc. (NYSE: FET)  a provider of value added solutions and products to the energy industry  from 2010 to 2021. Mr. Waite received a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Loughborough University  a Master of Science in Environmental Engineering Science from California Institute of Technology  and an M.B.A.  with high distinction  from Harvard Business School.We believe that Mr. Waite is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive public company experience in the energy sector  in particular in the oilfield services industry  and his experience in identifying strategic growth trends in the energy industry and evaluating potential transactions.Yousef Al Nowais was appointed by our Nominating and Governance Committee and Board of Directors on November 9  2019. He serves as the Chairman and Managing Director of Arab Development (""ARDECO"")  a company he founded in his home city of Abu Dhabi  the United Arab Emirates. ARDECO is a large  diversified business and a leading player in the oil and natural gas and petrochemical sectors as well as power generation and distribution and other engineering and infrastructure project services. He served as the Co-Chairman of Al Nowais Investments LLC  a leading investment company based in Abu Dhabi with local and international holdings in a broad range of strategic investments and actively managed subsidiaries. Mr. Al Nowais has been vice Chairman of Al Dhafra Insurance since 2013  and has been Chairman of Archirodon S.A.  an international EPC contractor  since 2023. Prior to founding ARDECO  Mr. Al Nowais joined Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (""ADNOC"") after graduating from the University of Arizona in 1979 and held many senior positions in the ADNOC group  including Finance Director and Managing Director of ADNOC's subsidiary FERTIL. From 2007 to 2013  Mr. Al Nowais served as Managing Director of Al Maabar International  a leading UAE organization investing internationally in real estate projects in the MENA region  which was formed as a joint venture between Al Dar Properties  Mubadala  Al Qudra Holdings  Reem Investment and Reem International.We believe that Mr. Al Nowais is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry.Thomas Wood has served as a director since our inception and served as our Chief Financial Officer from inception until October 2017 and from November 29  2017 until June 2018. He is an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience in establishing and growing public and private companies that provide or use oil and natural gas contract drilling services. Since December 1990  he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Round Up Resource Service Inc.  a private investment company. Mr. Wood founded Xtreme Drilling Corp. (TSX:XDC)  an onshore drilling and coiled tubing technology company  in May 2005 and served as its Executive Chairman until May 2011 and its Chief Executive Officer and Director from May 2011 through August 2016. He is the founder of Savanna Energy Services Corp. (TSE: SVY)  a North American energy services provider  where he served as the Chairman from 2001 to March 2005. He also served as Director at various companies engaged in the exploration and production of junior oil and natural gas  including Wrangler West Energy Corp. from April 2001 to 2014; New Syrus Capital Corporation from 1998 to 2001 and Player Petroleum Corporation from 1997 to 2001. In addition  Mr. Wood served as the President  Drilling and Wellbore Service  of Plains Energy Services Ltd. from 1997 to 2000 and Wrangler Pressure Control from 1998 to 2001. He served as the President of Round-Up Well Servicing Inc. from 1988 to 1997 and Vice President of Shelby Drilling from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Wood holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Calgary.We believe that Mr. Wood is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry and his experience as an entrepreneur and building public companies and high growth organizations.Anthony R. (Tony) Chase has been nominated as an additional director. Mr. Chase is Chairman and CEO of ChaseSource  LP  a staffing  facilities management  and real estate development firm. Mr. Chase started and sold three ventures (Chase Radio Partners  Cricket Wireless and ChaseCom) and now owns and operates his fourth  ChaseSource. The first  Chase Radio Partners  founded in 1992  owned seven radio stations and was sold to Clear Channel Communications in 1998. The second was Cricket Wireless a nationwide cell phone service provider that he started together with Qualcomm in 1993. Mr. Chase opened the first Cricket markets in Chattanooga and Nashville  TN. The third was ChaseCom  a company that built and operated call centers in the United States and India  which he sold to AT&T Corporation in 2007. Mr. Chase is also a principal owner of the Houston Airport Marriott at George Bush Intercontinental Airport and the Principal Auto Toyota dealership in greater Memphis  TN. Mr. Chase serves on several non-profit boards in Houston: Houston Endowment  Greater Houston Partnership  Texas Medical Center  MD Anderson Board of Visitors  and the Greater Houston Community Foundation. Mr. Chase previously served as Deputy Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and the Chairman of the Greater Houston Partnership. He is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Mr. Chase serves on the boards of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE: LYB)  Nabors Industries Ltd. (NYSE: NBR) and Par-Pacific Holdings  Inc. (NYSE: PARR) and previously served on the Board of Heritage Crystal Clean  Inc. until 2022. Mr. Chase is a Professor of Law Emeritus at the University of Houston Law Center.We believe Mr. Chase is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in banking and finance  corporate governance and human resources  as well as his experience as an executive and board member.13Senior ManagementWe rely on the senior management of our principal operating subsidiaries to manage our business. Our senior management team is responsible for the day-to-day management of our operations. Members of our senior management are appointed from time to time by vote of the Board of Directors and hold office until a successor is elected and qualified. Our current Chief Executive Officer  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Commercial Officer are:Name Age(1) Position Sherif Foda 55 Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Stefan Angeli 64 Chief Financial Officer Dhiraj Dudeja 48 Chief Commercial Officer(1) Age as of May 24  2024.Sherif Foda's biographical information is set forth above.Stefan Angeli has been the Chief Financial Officer of NESR since February 8  2022. Previously  Mr. Angeli was CFO for Stratum Reservoir - a private equity portfolio company involved in reservoir characterization  laboratory services and instrumentation for upstream  downstream and the mining sector. Mr. Angeli spent the majority of his career (30 years) at Schlumberger in diverse roles with his last 5 assignments being Group Controller for Integrated Project Management  Controller for the Reservoir Production Group  Area Controller for Latin America Oilfield Services  and Controller for Schlumberger Information Systems & Well Completion and Productivity Business Segments. During his career  Mr. Angeli has been based in Sydney  Singapore  Jakarta  Aberdeen  Luanda  London  Rio De Janeiro and Houston. He earned a Bachelor of Economics degree majoring in Economics and Accounting from the University of Sydney and then qualified as a chartered accountant. He has also attended advanced finance management courses at the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.Dhiraj Dudeja is the Chief Commercial Officer for NESR and leads the Merger and Acquisitions as well as Sales and Marketing functions at NESR and has more than 25 years of professional experience in the oil and natural gas industry. In his career  Mr. Dudeja has worked across a diverse group of roles and geographies with significant experience in executive management  operations  sales and marketing  mergers and acquisitions  venture capital  capital markets  investor relations  technology development  and personnel functions. His career has allowed him to work in various regions across the globe specifically South Asia  Southeast Asia  Middle East and Europe  and now in the U.S. where he has been with NESR since its inception in this role. As the first employee of NESR  Mr. Dudeja has been intimately involved with every aspect of the growth of the Company and in addition to his day-to-day role is heavily focused on the growth and strategic initiatives including any technology or business partnerships and investments. Previously he also co-founded two startups in the education analytics field in India and the U.S.  one of which he actively led from 2012 to 2014 as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Dudeja also presently serves on the board of directors of ICE Thermal Harvesting  an ESG focused geothermal energy company  Kinetic Upstream Technologies  an innovator developer of drilling automation systems and WDVG Engineering  a premier petroleum engineering firm. Mr. Dudeja is also a founding supporter of The Nudge Institute  an action institute that works with governments  markets  and civil society to build resilient livelihoods for all in India. Mr. Dudeja graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology  Delhi (IIT-Delhi) and holds a Bachelor of Technology degree in Electrical Engineering with a minor in Management Studies.PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ONPROPOSAL NO. 2ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONWe are asking our shareholders to approve  on an advisory basis  our executive compensation as reported in this proxy statement. As described below in the ""Compensation Discussion and Analysis"" section of this proxy statement  the Compensation Committee has structured our executive compensation program to achieve the following key objectives:● to attract  motivate and retain talented executive officers;● to align the interests of our executive officers and shareholders through compensation designed to incentivize performance and increased shareholder value; and● to motivate achievement of Company-wide financial objectives.We urge shareholders to read the ""Compensation Discussion and Analysis"" in this proxy statement  which describes in more detail how our executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve our compensation objectives. We also urge shareholders to read the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables and narrative which provide detailed information on the compensation of our named executive officers. The Compensation Committee believes that the policies and procedures articulated in the ""Compensation Discussion and Analysis"" are effective in achieving our goals and that the compensation of our named executive officers reported in this proxy statement have contributed to the Company's long-term success.In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act  and as a matter of good corporate governance  we are asking shareholders to approve the following advisory resolution at the 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders:""RESOLVED  that the shareholders of National Energy Services Reunited (the ""Company"") approve  on an advisory basis  the compensation of the Company's named executive officers disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis  the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables  notes and narrative in the Proxy Statement for the Company's 2024 annual general meeting of shareholders.""This advisory resolution  commonly referred to as a ""say-on-pay"" resolution  is non-binding on our Board. Although non-binding  our Board and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding our executive compensation program.14A majority of the votes cast is required to approve this Proposal 2.Brokers do not have discretion to vote on this proposal without your instruction. If you do not instruct your broker how to vote on this proposal  your broker will deliver a non-vote on this proposal.The Board recommends a vote FOR the advisory vote on executive compensation.COMPENSATIONCompensation Discussion and AnalysisThe following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (""CD&A"") describes NESR's compensation policies and practices as they relate to our named executive officers (""NEOs"") identified in the Summary Compensation Table below. The purpose of the CD&A is to review the rationale of why the Compensation Committee selected the elements and objectives of NESR's executive compensation program.The names and titles of our named executive officers in 2023 are listed below.Sherif Foda Chief Executive Officer Stefan Angeli Chief Financial Officer Dhiraj Dudeja Chief Commercial Officer Naif Al Hadrami Executive Director  Saudi Arabia Chokri Ben Amor Executive Director & Vice President  Quality  Health  Safety and Environment (QHSE)Highlights of Compensation for 2023In 2023  the Compensation Committee worked with its compensation consultant  Meridian Compensation Partners  LLC (""Meridian"")  to assist the Company in ensuring that total executive compensation is within the market range compared to the executive compensation among the Company's peer group. The compensation that we pay to our senior management is evaluated on an annual basis considering the following primary factors: position scope and responsibilities  experience and individual performance  market data  financial targets  personal objectives  and execution on longer-term financial and strategic goals that drive stockholder value creation and support the Company's retention strategy. We believe that the compensation awarded to our senior management is consistent with that of our peers and similarly situated companies in the industry in which we operate. NESR also has a strong philosophy of pay for performance  with varying results and compensation for its NEO's and other management. In addition  as part of NESR's commitment to ESG  our compensation philosophy also focuses on the reduction of pay disparities between all levels of the organization. In 2023  highlights of executive compensation that varied from past practice included:● As the Company has substantially exhausted the 5 000 000 ordinary shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 LTIP  no grants of RSUs were made to any of our NEOs in 2023. ● Mr. Foda has waived all RSU awards since inception. ● During 2023  Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja were the recipients of retention agreements that provided for cash payments and future equity grants in exchange for continued service at the Company. ● During 2023  the Company entered into new employment agreements with Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja  providing  among other things  a right to cash severance following a termination of employment under certain defined circumstances.Elements of Executive Compensation for 2023NESR's executive compensation program is comprised of base salary  a short-term incentive and a long-term incentive  each of which is described below.Element Key Features How Award Value is Determined FIXED Base Salary ● Only fixed compensation element ● Position scope and responsibilities ● Reviewed annually and adjusted when appropriate ● Experience and individual performance ● Market data AT RISK Annual Cash Incentive (Bonus) ● Targets a mix of financial and personal objectives ● Revenue  EBITDA and DSO are the primary financial targets ● Targets set annually to align with corporate objectives ● Personal objectives are measurable and not subjective ● Financial element of the incentive includes a multiplier for achieving stretch targets AT RISK Long-term Equity Incentive (LTI) ● Restricted Stock Units (""RSU"") awards with grant value up to 2X base salary (1) ● Position scope and responsibilities ● RSUs vest over a 3-year period for retention and shareholder alignment and to promote long-term share ownership ● Experience and individual performance ● Market Data ● Awards are at-risk for stock price performance and continued employment; realized value of awards dependent upon stock price performance after date of grant(1) In 2023  none of our NEOs received RSU awards because the Company has substantially exhausted the 5 000 000 ordinary shares authorized for issuance under the 2018 LTIP.15The executive compensation program is benchmarked by Meridian and reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee seeks to ensure that total executive compensation is within the market range compared to the executive compensation among the Company's comparator peer group. Chart 1 below shows the percentage of 2023 Total Target Compensation (inclusive of base salary  target annual cash incentive and LTI compensation) established by the Compensation Committee for our CEO and CFO vs. the comparator peer group  as described further in the following ""Setting Executive Compensation"" section.(1) RSU awards have been waived by the NESR CEO since inception of the Company.We believe in transparency and the need to align our executive pay incentives with the creation of sustainable  long-term value for NESR and long-term returns for our shareholders. The NEOs' variable compensation portion was designed to reflect the entrepreneurial culture of NESR from its inception  with at least 50% of executive pay at risk with realized value contingent upon stock price performance or specific  measurable performance objectives.Setting Executive CompensationRole of the Compensation CommitteeThe Compensation Committee oversees the executive compensation program and has overall responsibility for making final decisions about total compensation for NEOs  including the CEO.During its most recent annual review process  the Compensation Committee engaged with the CEO and other senior management as part of its process for making compensation decisions. For additional information on the role of the Compensation Committee  refer to the Committee's Charter  which is available on our website.Role of the CEOThe CEO does not provide recommendations concerning his own compensation  nor is he present when his compensation is discussed by the Compensation Committee.The CEO and the independent compensation consultant if engaged by the company  assists the Committee in setting the compensation for other NEOs  including any base salary adjustments  performance goals and equity awards.Use of Independent ConsultantsIn 2023 the Compensation Committee engaged Meridian as its independent compensation consultant for setting the compensation structure. Meridian does not provide any other services to the Company. The Compensation Committee has concluded that Meridian has no conflict of interest in providing services to the Compensation Committee. The primary responsibilities of the independent compensation consultant in 2023 were:● Provide independent and objective market data ● Conduct compensation and plan analysis ● Recommend a comparator peer group ● Benchmark pay programs and pay levels to the comparator peer group16Comparator Peer GroupThe Compensation Committee uses data from a comparator peer group when assessing the market competitiveness of NESR's executive compensation program. The companies comprising the peer comparator group are selected based on the following considerations:● Oil and gas service industry affiliation ● Financial metrics such as revenue  EBITDA and other metrics as number of employees and assets base ● Country specific market data if available ● Market capitalization ● Inclusion in other oil and gas service companies peer groupsThe comparator peer group is reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure continued relevance.The comparator peer group was composed of the following companies:Core Laboratories Nine Energy Service Expro Group Holdings Oil States International Forum energy Technologies Propetro Holding KLX Energy Services Holdings Select Water Solutions Newpark Resources TETRA TechnologiesIn 2023  proxy information from 2022 for each comparator company was gathered and an analysis was performed of compensation data for each NEO  comparing the compensation data of each of the pay elements and total compensation at the 25th  50th and 75th percentiles of the comparator peer group to current compensation for each NEO.Compensation RiskWe have designed our compensation philosophy and programs to address potential risks while rewarding our NEOs and other employees for achieving long-term financial and strategic objectives through prudent business judgment and appropriate risk taking. Based on our risk assessment and consideration of various mitigating factors  we concluded that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.2023 Executive CompensationBase SalaryWe provide our NEOs with a base salary to compensate them for performing their daily responsibilities  and base salary is the fixed portion of an executive's annual compensation. In setting initial base salaries for NESR's NEOs  the Compensation Committee compared similar positions in the comparator peer group.The base salaries for the NEOs for 2023 are shown in the table below.Name Base Salary ($) Sherif Foda $ 840 000 Stefan Angeli $ 450 000 Dhiraj Dudeja $ 450 000 Naif Al Hadrami $ 207 600 Chokri Ben Amor $ 249 600The base salaries of Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja were each increased from $300 000 to $450 000  effective October 1  2023. Their actual base salary compensation for the year was $337 500 each. There were no other changes in the base salaries of any of the NEOs.Short-Term Annual IncentiveThe Company's short-term annual incentive plan is designed to reward management for achieving certain financial and other strategic objectives that should result in the creation of incremental shareholder value.The Compensation Committee selects and measures objectives that  while short-term in nature  will drive long-term growth and value for the Company. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the financial and other objectives applicable to the NEOs and recommends the objectives of the CEO to the independent Directors of the Board. Individual incentive award opportunities are established as a percentage of base salary at the beginning of the year based on market competitive targets. The weighting of the target financial and non-financial objective metrics of the target metrics for our CEO and other NEOs are shown in the chart below  assuming maximum bonus payout. The payout range for the financial metrics is 0-150% and the payout range for non-financial metrics is 0-50%. The potential payments under the Threshold  Target  Superior and Exceptional levels can be found in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in the Fiscal 2023 table.Position Financial Non-Financial CEO 75 % 25 % Other NEO 67 % 33 %17Financial Objectives - EBITDA/DSOThe Compensation Committee determined that it was appropriate in 2023 to tie the financial metric to achieving certain Revenue  EBITDA and DSO targets because they are drivers for shareholder value creation and thus align the interests of management with the shareholder. The payout range opportunities are based on achieving the Revenue and EBITDA and DSO targets. If the EBITDA target is met and the Revenue target is not met  then the objective is considered achieved  as the EBITDA target is the primary metric. Conversely  if the Revenue target is met but the EBITDA target was not achieved  then the objective is considered as not achieved given the primary metric of achieving EBITDA target was not met. Furthermore  the Compensation Committee may in its discretion approve exceptions if significant growth milestones were achieved  or may approve a ""soft landing"" if the Compensation Committee deems it appropriate. Any discretionary payout is typically interpolated based upon actual performance relative to established goals for the year. The Compensation Committee also may reduce individual payouts based on other discretionary performance criteria.When considering the Company's operating results for purposes of the financial portion of the short-term incentive  the Compensation Committee may adjust for unusual or infrequent gains or losses  depending on the nature of the item  to not cause executives to inappropriately be penalized or benefitted. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest  income taxes  depreciation and amortization. 2023 adjusted EBITDA was $262 306. Adjusted EBITDA includes adjustments for certain Total Charges and Credits (those not related to interest  taxes  and/or depreciation and amortization) of $37.6 million.DSO is calculated as the December 31  2022 total accounts receivable balance  including unbilled receivables and retention receivables  divided by the average revenue per day for the fourth quarter of 2023. The ending 2023 DSO ratio was 96 days.The targets set for consolidated 2023 Revenue  EBITDA and DSO metrics are shown below.Metric (1) Target Superior Exceptional Actual Payout Revenue $ 1 170M $ 1 252M $ 1 345M $ 1 148M Target (2) EBITDA $ 269M $ 288M $ 309M $ 261M Target (3) DSO 90 80 70 96 Target (4)(1) The financial metric does not have a Threshold entry level. (2) Revenue objective overridden by EBITDA (3) EBITDA objective ""soft landing"" 95% achievement eligible for target payout. Actual achievement was 97% of target. (4) DSO objective ""soft landing"" 96% achievement eligible for target payout. Decreased the DSO with retentions by 8 days versus 2022 (104 TO 96) and without retention by 11 days versus 2022 which was 96.3% of the target (81 days vs 78 days target).The allocation of financial metrics by individual under the plan are shown below.NEO Revenue/EBITDA DSO Total Sherif Foda 70 % 30 % 100 % Stefan Angeli 50 % 50 % 100 % Dhiraj Dudeja 70 % 30 % 100 % Naif Al Hadrami 70 % 30 % 100 % Chokri Ben Amor 70 % 30 % 100 %The individual incentive award opportunities under the plan for this financial metric and actual results are shown below. Mr. Al Hadrami and Mr. Ben Amor have specific financial targets in their geographic area of responsibility which differ from the other named executive officers.NEO Target Superior Exceptional Actual Sherif Foda 100 % 125 % 150 % 100 % Stefan Angeli 50 % 75 % 100 % 50 % Dhiraj Dudeja 50 % 75 % 100 % 50 % Naif Al Hadrami 25 % 50 % 75 % 31 % Chokri Ben Amor 25 % 50 % 75 % 17 %Non-Financial ObjectivesNon-financial objectives for the NEOs are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee  as recommended by our CEO  and may vary among individuals. The Compensation Committee also reviews and recommends the non-financial objectives of the CEO for the approval of the Independent Directors. Examples of non-financial objectives are cost-saving projects  M&A  contract awards  QHSE targets  asset utilization  ESG specific metrics  new technology introduction  entry to new markets  employee statistics and other strategic projects.The individual incentive award opportunities and achievements under the plan for the non-financial objectives' metric are shown below. No achievement can exceed target payout as a percentage of base salary. The non-financial objectives metric does not have Superior or Exceptional levels.NEO Threshold Target Actual Sherif Foda 0 % 50 % 50 % Stefan Angeli 0 % 50 % 50 % Dhiraj Dudeja 0 % 50 % 50 % Naif Al Hadrami 0 % 25 % 21 % Chokri Ben Amor 0 % 25 % 21 %Approved PayoutThe total approved payout of short-term annual incentive for each individual is shown below.NEO Financial Non-Financial Total Payout Sherif Foda 100 % 50 % 150 % Stefan Angeli 50 % 50 % 100 % Dhiraj Dudeja 50 % 50 % 100 % Naif Al Hadrami 31 % 21 % 52 % Chokri Ben Amor 17 % 21 % 38 %Long-Term Annual Equity Incentive AwardsLong-term equity incentive awards are designed to reward value creation from achieving operational performance objectives  thus aligning management and shareholders. Long-term incentives are the largest portion of compensation for our NEOs and are broadly granted to high-value employees throughout the organization.18The Company currently only grants RSUs that vest ratably over three years and settle in shares of the Company's stock. All shares are awarded under the 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan (""LTIP"") and follow all the terms and conditions of that plan.The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the RSU awards applicable to the NEOs and recommends the award of the CEO to the Directors of the Board.Award levels are targeted to equal up to two times the base salary of an individual and are designed to ensure alignment with longer-term financial and strategic goals that drive stockholder value creation and support the Company's retention strategy for high value employees. These awards extend to key performers at all levels who are important for the company today as well as high potential employees who would lead the company in the near and long-term future.As the Company has substantially exhausted the 5 000 000 ordinary shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 LTIP  no grants of RSUs were made to any of our NEOs in 2023. In addition  NESR's CEO has waived his equity grant each year since inception of the Company in 2018  in order to distribute equity compensation to a broader pool of employees.Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja are parties to employment agreements that obligate the Company to issue certain awards under the LTIP within 10 days following the first date on which (i) the Company's stock is relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or a comparable exchange) and (ii) the Company has sufficient shares available under the LTIP to satisfy its obligations. Under the terms of the employment agreements  the Company was to grant an award of 100 000 shares to Mr. Angeli and 80 000 shares to Mr. Dudeja in 2022 (the ""2022 Awards"")  and 100 000 shares to each of Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja in 2023 (the ""2023 Awards""). One third of the 2022 Awards were to be issued as unrestricted shares at the grant date  and two thirds of the 2022 Awards were to be issued as RSUs that generally vest 50% on each of March 15  2024 and 2025. The 2023 Awards were to be issued as RSUs that generally vest one third on each of March 15  2024  2025 and 2026. As the first vesting date has passed  the 2022 Awards and 2023 Awards that were intended to vest on March 15  2024 will be issued as unrestricted shares at the grant date. If the Company's stock is relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or a comparable exchange) but the Company does not have sufficient shares under the LTIP to satisfy its obligations by June 15  2025  the executives shall instead be paid an amount in cash equal to the value of shares that would have been covered by the 2022 Awards and the first two tranches of the 2023 Awards. If the Company's stock is relisted on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or a comparable exchange) but the Company does not have sufficient shares under the LTIP to satisfy its obligations by June 15  2026  the executives will be paid an amount in cash equal to the value of shares that would have been covered by the third tranche of the 2023 Awards. The employment agreements provide that in 2024 and thereafter during the term of the agreement  each of Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja will be eligible to receive an LTIP award of up to 200% of their respective base salaries within 10 days following the filing of the Company's audited financial statements for the previous year with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition to the foregoing  Mr. Angeli's employment agreement provides that he will be entitled to receive an award of 300 000 RSUs within 10 days following the filing of the Company's audited financial statements for 2023 with the SEC and the date the Company has sufficient shares available under the LTIP to satisfy its obligations.Severance BenefitsOther than Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja  who are each party to employment agreements that provide for certain termination benefits upon a qualifying termination of employment  our NEOs have no employment or severance contracts except as required by local laws  and our equity plan has limited change of control provisions.Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja are each party to employment agreements that provide certain termination benefits upon a qualifying termination of employment. The employment agreements provide that in the event of termination by the Company for any reason other than ""cause"" (as defined in the agreement)  death or disability of the executive (Mr. Angeli or Mr. Dudeja  respectively)  or by the executive for ""good reason"" (as defined in the employment agreement)  the executive will be entitled to receive accrued pay and benefits through the date of termination  a pro-rata annual cash bonus based on performance through the date of termination  immediate vesting of all outstanding awards under the LTIP  and a severance benefit equal to two times the annual base salary and two times the annual target cash bonus plus a cash payment of $35 000. The severance benefit and vesting of the outstanding LTIP awards is conditioned upon continued compliance with the obligations and restrictive covenants in the Innovation  Nondisclosure  Noncompete and Proprietary Rights Agreement which each executive is a party to  and the execution of a release agreement. The severance benefit is payable in equal installments payable monthly for 24 months following termination.Employment Agreements - Other Material TermsMr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja are each party to employment agreements that provide for annual base salary  target bonus opportunities  equity-based incentive awards  and certain termination benefits upon a qualifying termination of employment. Each of these employment agreements has an initial term of 24 months from October 1  2023  and annual renewal from year to year thereafter. The employment agreements each also provide for an annual base salary of $450 000  and a target bonus of 100% of base salary  for Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja  respectively.The employment agreements also provide for cash payments in exchange for continued services in the Company through December 31  2024. The cash payment will be paid in the form of a lump sum cash bonus equal to the base salary paid in 2024 to Mr. Angeli and Mr. Dudeja  respectively  and is payable on or before January 15  2025.Retention Bonus AgreementsOn June 8  2023  NESR entered into a retention agreement with Mr. Angeli that provided for cash payments in exchange for continued service at the Company. The Company paid cash retention to Mr. Angeli under the retention agreement totaling $200 000 during 2023  with $300 000 payable as of December 31  2023  and $300 000 payable as of March 31  2024. The retention bonus payments are subject to any statutory clawback rules applicable at the effective date of the retention agreement.On June 8  2023  NESR entered into a retention agreement with Mr. Dudeja that provided for cash payments in exchange for continued service at the Company. The Company paid cash retention to Mr. Dudeja under the retention agreement totaling $200 000 during 2023  with $300 000 payable as of December 31  2023  and $300 000 payable as of March 31  2024. The retention bonus payments are subject to any statutory clawback rules applicable at the effective date of the retention agreement.19Other CompensationThe Company offers competitive compensation packages to its NEOs  so perquisites are limited to expatriate assignments  relocation and perquisites customary in countries as part of a standard executive compensation package.Employee Benefits and Health/Welfare PlansAll our full-time employees  including our NEOs  are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans  as applicable in each country  which may include medical  dental and vision benefits  medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts  short-term and long-term disability insurance  and life insurance.We believe the benefits and perquisites described above are an important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified individuals to serve as executive officers.No Tax Gross-UpsWe do not make gross-up payments to cover our NEOs' personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our Company.The value of perquisites paid in 2023 to certain NEOs are shown in the supplemental table to the Summary Compensation Table.Hedging  Pledging and Short SalesUnder our Insider Trading Policy  unless prior approval is obtained from the Company's compliance officer  we prohibit hedging  pledging and short sales of Company securities by our executive officers  directors  and certain other employees designated as insiders (and  in each case  their controlled affiliates).Compensation Clawback PolicyIn 2021  the Company adopted an executive compensation clawback (""recoupment"") policy  which is now a part of the Company's corporate governance principles. Under the Company's recoupment policy  the Board may require any NEOs included in the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy statement to reimburse the Company for any incentive-based compensation plans  including any cash bonus and/or equity awards provided to the NEO where the Board determines that the NEO's act or failure to act contributed to the need for the restatement of Company financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and such action or inaction (a) willfully caused or was intended to cause a material violation of the policies of the Company or (b) resulted in the NEO's termination of employment for cause. The clawback policy can be applied to any employees  managers or executives of the Company designated by the CEO. We intend to adopt a recoupment policy that is compliant with the new SEC and Nasdaq requirements under Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act prior to relisting on the Nasdaq Stock Market.Compensation Committee ReportThe Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with the Company's management and based on such review and discussion  has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this proxy statement.Submitted by the Compensation Committee of NESR Board of Directors● Thomas Wood (Chair) ● Andrew Waite ● Antonio Campo Mejia20Executive Compensation TablesSummary Compensation TableThe following table sets forth the compensation paid by the Company and its subsidiaries to its Chief Executive Officer  Chief Financial Officer and the next three most highly compensated executive officers of the Company.Name & Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($)(1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Stock Awards Waived ($) (3) Option Awards ($) (4) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (5) Change in Pension Value and NQDC Earnings ($) (6) All Other Compensation ($) (7) Total ($) Sherif Foda 2023 840 000 - - - - 1 260 000 - - 2 100 000 Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 2022 840 000 - - - - - - - 840 000 2021 840 000 - - 1 680 000 - - - - 840 000 Stefan Angeli (8) 2023 337 500 500 000 850 000 - - 412 500 - - 2 100 000 Chief Financial Officer 2022 300 000 - - - - 150 000 - - 450 000 2021 - - - - - - - - - Dhiraj Dudeja 2023 337 500 500 000 765 000 - - 337 500 - - 1 940 000 Chief Commercial Officer 2022 300 000 - - - - 1",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.33,0.02,True,English,"['National Energy Services', 'Post Oak Blvd.', 'Suite', 'Houston', 'Texas', 'Form', 'National Energy Services Reunited Corp', 'independent registered public accounting firm', 'Sherif Foda Executive Chairman', '2018 Long Term Incentive Plan', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Time', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '777 Post Oak Blvd.', '777 Post Oak Boulevard', 'Grant Thornton Audit', 'Morrow Sodali LLC', '4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES', 'RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS', 'voting instruction card', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'one additional director', 'Central Daylight Time', 'five current directors', 'Accounting Limited', 'DIRECTOR NOMINEES', 'EXECUTIVE OFFICERS', 'one year', 'proxy card', 'executive compensation', 'advisory resolution', 'Dubai Branch', 'fiscal year', '15 SHARE OWNERSHIP', '25 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS', 'Proxy Statement', 'proxy solicitor', 'PROXY MATERIALS', '6,500,000 ordinary shares', 'Dear Shareholder', 'Houston time', 'other information', '12 PROPOSAL NO.', '25 PROPOSAL NO', 'specific instructions', '25 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS', 'principal business', 'Record Date', 'BOARD MATTERS', 'Suite 730 Houston', 'Texas 77056 Items', 'The Board', '14 COMPENSATION', '12 INFORMATION', 'behalf', 'pleasure', 'invitation', 'June', 'Notice', 'election', 'appointment', 'GT', 'Company', 'December', 'reservation', 'issuance', 'LTIP', 'ratification', 'Proxies', 'opportunity', 'stock', 'telephone', 'course', 'person', 'questions', 'assistance', 'banks', 'brokers', 'TABLE', 'CONTENTS', 'ANSWERS', '8 PROPOSALS', 'APPROVAL', 'NESR', 'pay', 'Adjournments', 'Postponements', 'May', 'close', 'vote', 'advance', 'internet', 'mail', 'section', 'Order', '8:00']",2024-05-21,2024-05-22,marketscreener.com
41381,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/valerio-therapeutics-provides-clinical-development-184600638.html,Valerio Therapeutics Provides Clinical Development Update on Its Phase 1/2 VIO-01 Clinical Trial,Valerio Therapeutics S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes ,"The first dose level  evaluating 3 patients of the VIO-01-101 trial has been cleared as per the recommendations of the Clinical Review Committee.No clinically significant adverse events or serious adverse events were reported and no MTD was declared.Three sites are activated which include  NEXT Oncology San Antonio  Florida Cancer Specialists  and University of Oklahoma.PARIS  May 22  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Valerio Therapeutics S.A. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage Response (DDR) and driver oncogenes  today announced the completion of dosing for the first cohort of subjects in its Phase 1/2 trial of lead candidate  VIO-01  a pan-DDR decoy for the treatment of solid tumors.ADVERTISEMENTVIO-01 is the next-generation DNA decoy generated from Valerio Therapeutics’ proprietary PlatON platform. An optimized product with modifications for increased half-life  plasma stability and tumor targeting  VIO-01 is a potent pan-DDR trapper capable of abrogating multiple DNA damage pathways including homologous recombination and non-homologous end joining. The pan trapping nature of VIO-01 allows for treatment of a wide range of potential solid tumor indications rather than restrictions to BRCA1/2 mutations or HRD positivity as with other DNA damage inhibitors.The Clinical Review Committee (CRC) is composed of Valerio Therapeutics Medical and Safety teams as well as Principal Investigators convened to review all available and relevant safety information from the first cohort of 3 patients. No clinically significant adverse events or serious adverse events were reported and no MTD was declared  allowing the Clinical Review Committee to unanimously agree to escalate to the second dose cohort.The VIO-01-101 Phase 1b portion of the trial aims to determine to recommended phase 2 dose and/or pharmacologically active dose in patients with selected solid tumors including  HRD+ Ovarian cancer  BRCA1/2 mutant Breast Cancer  HRR mutated prostate cancer  and solid tumors with HRR mutations. The dose escalation to clinically relevant exposures and safety expansion is expected to continue through 2024.Story continuesDr. Shefali Agarwal  Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and CEO  stated:""The result of this meeting represents one of the key milestones in the development of VIO-01 and the PlatON platform. This is an import step on our way to becoming a leader in the development of innovative drugs with unique mechanisms of action. We are pleased with the encouraging tolerability seen in this first cohort of patients and look forward to bringing this drug-candidate another step closer to patients. Most importantly  we’d like to thank our dedicated investigators and patients for their willingness to participate in this trial and are excited for our continued future work together.""About Valerio TherapeuticsValerioTX (Euronext Growth Paris: ALVIO) is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative oncology drugs targeting tumor DNA-binding functions through unique mechanisms of action in the sought-after field of DNA Damage Response (DDR). The Company is focused on bringing early-stage first-in-class or disruptive compounds from translational research to clinical proof-of-concept  a value-creating inflection point appealing to potential partners.PlatON is ValerioTX’s proprietary chemistry platform of oligonucleotides acting as decoy agonists  which generates new innovative compounds and broaden the Company’s product pipeline.VIO-01 (formerly OX425)  the second compound from platON™  is a novel pan-DDR Decoy with high antitumor activity. It also mediates multiple immunostimulatory effects by activating the STING pathway. In 2023  VIO-01 underwent IND-enabling preclinical development until IND submission and positive feedback from the FDA to initiate its clinical development.DecoyTAC: the 3rd generation platON™ platform  leveraging the unique MOA of DNA decoy therapeutics coupled to targeted protein degradation (PROTAC). This evolution expands the activity of platON™ platform beyond DNA repair by targeting other proteins such as transcription and epigenetic factors  in oncology and outside oncology for other diseases like inflammatory and muscular diseases.For further information  please visit www.valeriotx.comForward looking statementsThis communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Valerio Therapeutics and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Valerio Therapeutics is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Valerio Therapeutics to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the risk factors described in the most recent Company’s registration document or in any other periodic financial report and in any other press release  which are available free of charge on the websites of the Company Group (https://valeriotx.com/) and/or the AMF (www.amf-france.org).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240522344762/en/ContactsValerio TherapeuticsInvestor Relationsinvestors@valeriotx.com+33 (0) 1 70 38 33 99U.S.: +1 617 366 1022",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.2,0.48,True,English,"['Phase 1/2 VIO-01 Clinical Trial', 'Clinical Development Update', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'The VIO-01-101 Phase 1b portion', 'Valerio Therapeutics’ proprietary PlatON platform', 'NEXT Oncology San Antonio', 'multiple DNA damage pathways', 'BRCA1/2 mutant Breast Cancer', '3rd generation platON™ platform', 'Valerio Therapeutics S.A.', 'other DNA damage inhibitors', 'The Clinical Review Committee', 'potential solid tumor indications', 'proprietary chemistry platform', 'DNA Damage Response', 'multiple immunostimulatory effects', 'significant adverse events', 'serious adverse events', 'Florida Cancer Specialists', 'pan trapping nature', 'HRD+ Ovarian cancer', 'Dr. Shefali Agarwal', 'value-creating inflection point', 'next-generation DNA decoy', 'potent pan-DDR trapper', 'homologous end joining', 'DNA decoy therapeutics', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'novel pan-DDR Decoy', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Forward looking statements', 'Phase 1/2 trial', 'high antitumor activity', 'first dose level', 'IND-enabling preclinical development', 'new innovative compounds', 'innovative oncology drugs', 'second dose cohort', 'relevant safety information', 'The Company', 'phase 2 dose', 'VIO-01-101 trial', 'DNA repair', 'BRCA1/2 mutations', 'prostate cancer', 'potential partners', 'innovative drugs', 'clinical proof', 'decoy agonists', 'first cohort', 'solid tumors', 'homologous recombination', 'relevant exposures', 'disruptive compounds', 'second compound', 'other proteins', 'outside oncology', 'other diseases', 'other factors', 'new information', 'active dose', 'dose escalation', 'Safety teams', 'safety expansion', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Three sites', 'Regulatory News', 'driver oncogenes', 'lead candidate', 'plasma stability', 'tumor targeting', 'wide range', 'HRD positivity', 'Principal Investigators', 'key milestones', 'import step', 'unique mechanisms', 'encouraging tolerability', 'dedicated investigators', 'future work', 'DNA-binding functions', 'translational research', 'STING pathway', 'IND submission', 'positive feedback', 'unique MOA', 'protein degradation', 'epigenetic factors', 'muscular diseases', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'financial condition', 'future results', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'HRR mutations', 'product pipeline', '3 patients', 'recommendations', 'MTD', 'University', 'Oklahoma', 'May', 'ALVIO', 'completion', 'dosing', 'subjects', 'treatment', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'modifications', 'half-life', 'restrictions', 'CRC', 'Medical', 'available', 'Story', 'Chairwoman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'meeting', 'leader', 'action', 'drug-candidate', 'willingness', 'continued', 'ValerioTX', 'field', 'early', 'class', 'concept', 'oligonucleotides', 'OX42', 'FDA', 'DecoyTAC', 'PROTAC', 'evolution', 'transcription', 'inflammatory', 'communication', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', '2024']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,uk.finance.yahoo.com
41382,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2024/05/22/10016414.htm,Yahsat Partners With Eutelsat Group to Leverage EUTELSAT KONNECT Satellite to Drive Growth Across Its Global Footprint,Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) and YahClick  the data solutions' arm of Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PJSC (Yahsat)  the UAE's flagship satellite solutions (ADX: YAHSAT ,Eutelsat Group (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) and YahClick  the data solutions' arm of Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PJSC (Yahsat)  the UAE's flagship satellite solutions (ADX: YAHSAT ,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['EUTELSAT KONNECT Satellite', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Yahsat Partners', 'Global Footprint', 'Growth', 'Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PJSC', 'flagship satellite solutions', 'London Stock Exchange', ""data solutions' arm"", 'Eutelsat Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'ETL', 'YahClick', 'Yahsat', 'UAE', 'ADX']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,tmcnet.com
41383,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62296582-change-of-the-denomination-and-ticker-symbol-of-opmobility-shares-on-euronext-paris-399.htm,Change of the denomination and ticker symbol of OPmobility shares on Euronext Paris,Plastic Omnium announced that the Group would change its name to OPmobility to reflect its new identity. The change of the Company's name to OPmobility SE was approved by 99.99% at the,Fordern Sie jetzt den brandneuen kostenfreien Sonderreport an und erfahren Sie  wie Sie von den enormen Wachstumschancen im Bereich Künstliche Intelligenz profitieren können - 100 % kostenlos.On 27 March 2024  Plastic Omnium announced that the Group would change its name to OPmobility to reflect its new identity. The change of the Company's name to OPmobility SE was approved by 99.99% at the Annual General Meeting held on April 24  2024. The denomination and ticker symbol of the shares listed on Euronext Paris will be changed as follows with effect from May 24  2024: - New denomination: OPMOBILITY (replacing PLASTIC OMNIUM) - ISIN code: FR0000124570 (unchanged) - Euronext code: FR0000124570 (unchanged) - New ticker symbol: OPM (replacing POM) About OPmobility OPmobility (formerly Plastic Omnium) is a world leader in sustainable mobility and a technology partner to mobility players worldwide. Driven by innovation since its creation in 1946  the Group is today composed of five complementary business groups that enable it to offer its customers a wide range of solutions: intelligent exterior systems  complex modules  lighting systems  energy storage systems and battery and hydrogen electrification solutions. OPmobility also offers its customers an activity dedicated to the development of software  OP'nSoft. With economic revenue of 11.4 billion euros in 2023 and a global network of 152 plants and 40 R&D centers  OPmobility relies on its 40 300 employees to meet the challenges of sustainable mobility. OPmobility is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A. It is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD) and is included in the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indices (ISIN code: FR0000124570). www.opmobility.comWerbehinweise: Die Billigung des Basisprospekts durch die BaFin ist nicht als ihre Befürwortung der angebotenen Wertpapiere zu verstehen. Wir empfehlen Interessenten und potenziellen Anlegern den Basisprospekt und die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu lesen  bevor sie eine Anlageentscheidung treffen  um sich möglichst umfassend zu informieren  insbesondere über die potenziellen Risiken und Chancen des Wertpapiers. Sie sind im Begriff  ein Produkt zu erwerben  das nicht einfach ist und schwer zu verstehen sein kann.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['ticker symbol', 'OPmobility shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Change', 'denomination', 'five complementary business groups', 'brandneuen kostenfreien Sonderreport', 'Künstliche Intelligenz', 'Annual General Meeting', '40 R&D centers', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'CAC Mid 60 indices', 'Endgültigen Bedingungen', 'intelligent exterior systems', 'energy storage systems', 'hydrogen electrification solutions', 'New ticker symbol', 'lighting systems', 'new identity', 'enormen Wachstumschancen', 'Plastic Omnium', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext code', 'world leader', 'sustainable mobility', 'technology partner', 'mobility players', 'wide range', 'complex modules', 'economic revenue', '11.4 billion euros', 'global network', 'compartment A.', 'Befürwortung', 'angebotenen Wertpapiere', 'potenziellen Anlegern', 'potenziellen Risiken', 'New denomination', 'OPmobility SE', 'OPmobility OPmobility', 'Bereich', '27 March', 'name', 'change', 'Company', 'April', 'shares', 'effect', 'May', 'POM', 'innovation', 'creation', 'customers', 'battery', 'activity', 'development', 'software', '152 plants', '40,300 employees', 'challenges', 'SRD', 'SBF', 'Werbehinweise', 'Billigung', 'Basisprospekts', 'BaFin', 'Interessenten', 'Anlageentscheidung', 'Wertpapiers', 'Begriff', 'Produkt', '99.']",2024-05-06,2024-05-22,finanznachrichten.de
41384,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62295366-nanobiotix-s-a-nanobiotix-announces-progress-in-global-nbtxr3-development-collaboration-highlighting-robust-pipeline-and-pathway-to-long-term-growth-399.htm,Nanobiotix S.A.: Nanobiotix Announces Progress in Global NBTXR3 Development Collaboration Highlighting Robust Pipeline and Pathway to Long-Term Growth,Updated Nanobiotix corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth through execution of the global NBTXR3 collaboration and platforms beyond NBTXR3Alignment of intent to transfer the sponsorshi,"Updated Nanobiotix corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth through execution of the global NBTXR3 collaboration and platforms beyond NBTXR3Alignment of intent to transfer the sponsorship of the ongoing Phase 3 pivotal trial in head and neck cancer to begin preparations for potentially positive trial results and subsequent stepsAlignment to Phase 3 head and neck cancer study modifications designed to optimize the regulatory pathway  including intended removal of the now unnecessary futility analysis  and opting to conduct the planned interim analysis after the end of recruitment in 1H2026Received US FDA ""Study May Proceed"" letter for a new randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 in stage 3 lung cancer after review of the Investigational New Drug applicationRobust pipeline of ongoing and completed studies that could inform development of new indications beyond immediate priorities in head and neck cancer and lung cancerOperational progress update on Nanobiotix nanoparticle-based therapy platforms beyond NBTXR3 expected in 2H2024PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 21  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO -- NASDAQ: NBTX - the ""Company'')  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced updates to its corporate strategy designed to enable long-term growth in view of significant progress in the Company's collaboration for the co-development and global commercialization of lead therapeutic candidate NBTXR3.Nanobiotix is developing three nanoparticle-based therapy platforms in sequence. The first therapeutic candidate from the first platform  potential first-in-class radioenhancer NBTXR3  is being developed and potentially commercialized in collaboration with NBTXR3 global licensee Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (""Janssen"")  a Johnson & Johnson company. Nanobiotix plans to leverage the sustainable revenue it expects to come from the development and commercialization of NBTXR3 to further advance development of the two other platforms described in the conclusion of this announcement.""Nanobiotix has long been known for the disruptive potential of NBTXR3 for patients with cancer around the world "" said Laurent Levy  chief executive officer at Nanobiotix and chairman of the executive board. ""The accomplishments we have achieved throughout our 20-year history stand as a testament to the hard work of our team  the potential value the biopharmaceutical industry at-large sees in our technology  as well as the tremendous faith and confidence our investors and other financiers hold in our vision and our management. Moreover  this global licensing agreement has us well-positioned to secure the path to market for NBTXR3-and our commitment to realize the radioenhancer's medical and economic value remains our most important goal-but the time has also come for Nanobiotix to lead the next generation of nanoparticle-based therapies in healthcare.""Delivering Potentially Curative Outcomes for Patients with Locally Advanced and Metastatic CancersNBTXR3 is being evaluated as a therapeutic candidate that could integrate into the cancer treatment paradigm for the 60% of patients with cancer who receive radiotherapy (""RT"") as part of their therapeutic regimen each year. To date  NBTXR3 has been injected in hundreds of patients by leading physicians at several pre-eminent clinical research institutions in the United States  Europe  and Asia.The current NBTXR3 development program is initially focused on the completion of NANORAY-312  an ongoing pivotal phase 3 study evaluating the radioenhancer for elderly patients with locally advanced head and neck cancer (""LA-HNSCC"")  and the launch of a randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 for patients with stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer (""NSCLC"") for which Janssen is fully responsible.Preparing NANORAY-312 for Potential Regulatory SubmissionIn preparation for potential regulatory submission in the event of positive trial results  Nanobiotix and Janssen aligned at the collaboration's Joint Strategy Committee (""JSC"") to transfer the global sponsorship of the Phase 3 pivotal head and neck cancer trial. Nanobiotix will continue to support Janssen in execution of NANORAY-312 during and after the sponsorship transfer is complete. Study operations will remain ongoing during the transfer.Following discussions that began at the end of 2023  and in view of the intended transfer of the sponsorship  the JSC recently aligned to a protocol amendment that would remove the planned futility analysis in light of robust  positive final data from the expansion part of Study 102  a Phase 1 study evaluating NBTXR3 in a similar population. Given that the Study 102 results provided satisfactory support for the NANORAY-312 trial design  the futility analysis was deemed unnecessary. This amendment is subject to review and approval by health authorities in all countries where NANORAY-312 is operational as well as by the sites participating in the study. To date  the amendment has been accepted by health authorities in several major regions in the study.Additionally  Nanobiotix and Janssen have agreed to a change in approach to the planned interim analysis such that interim data will analyzed and reported after both the requisite number of events have been observed and the last patient has been recruited in 1H2026  rather than immediately after the requisite number of events as originally planned. This revised approach helps to ensure that potentially positive trial results do not influence recruitment prior to completion of the study. As such  Nanobiotix now expects the interim analysis to be reported after the last patient is recruited in 1H2026.""Bringing a therapeutic candidate from concept to global registration is an exciting  yet daunting proposition for any biotechnology company  even those working within well-known asset classes with well-worn development and regulatory pathways "" said Louis Kayitalire  MD  chief medical officer at Nanobiotix. ""That is why our global licensing agreement with Janssen is great news for patients  for healthcare professionals  and for all other supporters of NBTXR3's potential. We are confident that the leadership of the JSC will optimize the probability of success for NANORAY-312.""Nanobiotix is currently vetting options for extension of the Company's cash runway beyond the current expectation of 3Q2025.Advancing the NBTXR3 CollaborationNanobiotix and Janssen have made significant progress in establishing development operations in the collaboration since execution of the global licensing agreement in July 2023.Operational progress highlights:Established a JSC comprised equally of executives from both companies to drive strategic decision making for the global development programActivated Joint Working Teams staffed by both companies with an initial focus on manufacturing and preparing NANORAY-312 for global regulatory submission in the event of a positive interim analysisBegan replication of Nanobiotix manufacturing processes to equip Janssen to produce NBTXR3 in parallel with ongoing production activities at Nanobiotix facilitiesBegan allocation of discretionary in-kind contributions from Janssen to Nanobiotix along with payments for manufacturing technical assistance and other product development support servicesAchieved the first operational milestone in NANORAY-312  triggering a $20M milestone payment from Janssen to NanobiotixReceived US FDA ""Study May Proceed"" letter for a Janssen-led Phase 2 NSCLC study after review of the Investigational New Drug applicationBegan elaboration of the overall clinical development plan for NBTXR3 including new indications beyond LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLCConsolidated global development and commercialization rights with Janssen via the Janssen purchase of rights to China and other Asian Markets from former Nanobiotix partner LianBioEvolving the NBTXR3 Development PipelineThe global licensing agreement between Nanobiotix and Janssen established a framework for potential  complementary co-development of relevant indications in the near  medium  and long term. This framework includes the potential for Nanobiotix to lead new randomized Phase 2 NBTXR3 studies. The JSC will ultimately determine the next indications beyond the immediate operational priorities in LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLC. Nanobiotix expects the current pipeline  as detailed below  to play an important role in the JSC decision-making process:Validating the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 for patients with LA-HNSCC and stage 3 NSCLC in the near-termPivotal Phase 3 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 with or without cetuximab for Elderly and Frail Patients with LA-HNSCC who are Ineligible for Cisplatin Chemotherapy (NANORAY-312) Lead: Nanobiotix (Intent to transfer global sponsorship aligned) Status: Ongoing Next Step: Last patient recruited 1H2026Chemotherapy (NANORAY-312) Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 + Chemoradiation + anti-PD-L1 for Patients with Inoperable  Stage 3 NSCLC Lead: Janssen Status: ""Study May Proceed"" letter received Next Step: First patient randomizedExploring the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 for patients with recurrent or metastatic (R/M) HNSCC that is naïve or resistant to anti-PD-1 in the medium termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic (""R/M"") HNSCC Naïve to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 1) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first expansion part data at ASCO 2024(Study 1100 Cohort 1) Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic R/M HNSCC Resistant to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 2) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first expansion part data at ASCO 2024(Study 1100 Cohort 2) Establishing potential expansion opportunities in additional settings in the medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer Lead: The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (""MD Anderson"") Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of updated data 2H2024Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Inoperable  Recurrent NSCLC Amenable to Re-irradiation Lead: MD Anderson Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Presentation of first data 1H2025Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Esophageal Cancer Lead: MD Anderson Status: Dose escalation part ongoing Next Step: Completion of dose escalation part in 2024  initiation of dose expansion part  and presentation of first data 2025Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Anti-PD-1 for Adult Patients with Multiple Advanced Tumors and Metastases Resistant to Anti-PD-1 (Study 1100 Cohort 3) Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Dose escalation part completed and dose expansion part ongoing Next Step: Completion of dose expansion part and presentation of first data 2025(Study 1100 Cohort 3) Phase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Liver Cancer and/or Liver Metastases Lead: Nanobiotix Status: Phase 1 completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with LA-HNSCC Status: Completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termPhase 1 Study Evaluating RT + NBTXR3 + Chemotherapy for Adult Patients with Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer Status: Phase 1 completed with primary endpoints met Next Step: Potential new indication for further development in medium to long termValidating the safety and efficacy of RT-activated NBTXR3 by moving to global registration in LA-HNSCC remains the immediate priority of Nanobiotix and accounts for the majority of operational and financial resource allocation.The Company expects to provide an updated global development plan for NBTXR3 after alignment at the JSC.Updated NBTXR3 Global Development Pipeline Visualization (as of May 21  2024)A chart accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/a8084032-4d70-4caf-b152-362cb6956fce*Janssen assumed responsibility for operations in Asia after securing global rights to NBTXR3 in China and Other Asian markets from former Nanobiotix collaborator LianBio. Nanobiotix and Janssen have also aligned to intent to transfer the global sponsorship.Nanobiotix Beyond the NBTXR3 CollaborationAs the NBTXR3 program moves toward the ultimate goal of significantly improving outcomes for patients with cancer around the world through the execution of NANORAY-312  Nanobiotix plans to expand the impact of nanoparticle-based therapies in healthcare through continued early-stage development of Curadigm and OOcuity.The Curadigm ""Nanoprimer"" platform features nanoparticles designed with specific physico-chemical properties that allow temporary occupation of the liver cells responsible for therapeutic clearance. This mechanism is intended to increase the blood bioavailability and subsequent accumulation of therapeutics in the targeted tissues  potentially providing the opportunity to increase the efficacy or decrease the toxicity of intravenously-administered medicines.The OOcuity platform is based on the principle that nanoparticle materials can interact with and influence neuronal networks via their electrical properties  this potentially enabling the modulation of malfunctioning neuronal networks toward a ""normal"" state. In particular  the reduction of neuronal hyper-excitability associated with neuropathic pain in in vitro studies and in mouse models with several nanoparticle candidates.Nanobiotix expects to provide the next update on the plan and operational progress of programs beyond NBTXR3 in 2H2024.About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate's physics-based mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physics-based MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312-a global  randomized phase III study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy-the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Given the Company's focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023 Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV  a Johnson & Johnson company.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company's philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate-NBTXR3-which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and TwitterDisclaimerThis press release contains ""forward-looking"" statements within the meaning of the ""safe harbor"" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company's anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as ""expects""  ""intends""  ""can""  ""could""  ""may""  ""might""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""should"" and ""will"" or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management's current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix's business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company's cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under ""Item 3.D. Risk Factors""  in Nanobiotix's 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media Relations FR - Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.com Global - LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachmentsUpdated NBTXR3 Global Development Pipeline Visualization (as of May 21  2024)*Janssen assumed responsibility for operations in Asia after securing global rights to NBTXR3 in Chi...",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.21,0.47,True,English,"['Global NBTXR3 Development Collaboration', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'Robust Pipeline', 'Long-Term Growth', 'Progress', 'Pathway', 'NBTXR3 global licensee Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'several pre-eminent clinical research institutions', 'stage 3 non-small cell lung cancer', 'Investigational New Drug application', 'robust, positive final data', 'three nanoparticle-based therapy platforms', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 pivotal trial', 'new randomized Phase 2 study', 'ongoing pivotal phase 3 study', 'neck cancer study modifications', 'Nanobiotix nanoparticle-based therapy platforms', 'current NBTXR3 development program', 'stage 3 lung cancer', 'positive trial results', 'global licensing agreement', 'Potentially Curative Outcomes', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'US FDA ""Study', 'other major diseases', 'two other platforms', 'Joint Strategy Committee', 'Phase 3 pivotal head', 'Operational progress update', 'chief executive officer', 'lead therapeutic candidate', 'neck cancer trial', 'NANORAY-312 trial design', 'Potential Regulatory Submission', 'cancer treatment paradigm', 'first therapeutic candidate', 'unnecessary futility analysis', 'Nanobiotix corporate strategy', 'global NBTXR3 collaboration', 'Phase 1 study', 'Study 102 results', 'new indications', 'nanoparticle-based therapies', 'Robust pipeline', 'Phase 3 head', 'Study operations', 'global commercialization', 'global sponsorship', 'regulatory pathway', 'other financiers', 'therapeutic regimen', 'treatment possibilities', 'significant progress', 'first platform', 'disruptive potential', 'executive board', 'potential value', 'interim analysis', 'long-term growth', 'subsequent steps', 'immediate priorities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'sustainable revenue', 'Laurent Levy', '20-year history', 'hard work', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'large sees', 'tremendous faith', 'economic value', 'important goal', 'next generation', 'Locally Advanced', 'Metastatic Cancers', 'leading physicians', 'United States', 'similar population', 'satisfactory support', 'health authorities', 'advanced head', 'intended transfer', 'Johnson company', 'protocol amendment', 'expansion part', 'class radioenhancer', 'sponsorship transfer', 'elderly patients', 'execution', 'Alignment', 'intent', 'preparations', 'removal', 'recruitment', '1H2026', 'letter', 'review', 'studies', '2H2024', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'updates', 'sequence', 'conclusion', 'announcement', 'world', 'chairman', 'accomplishments', 'testament', 'team', 'confidence', 'investors', 'vision', 'management', 'market', 'commitment', 'medical', 'time', 'healthcare', 'radiotherapy', 'hundreds', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'completion', 'LA-HNSCC', 'launch', 'NSCLC', 'event', 'JSC', 'discussions', 'light', 'approval', 'countries', 'sites', 'participating', '2023']",2024-05-06,2024-05-22,finanznachrichten.de
41385,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/x-fab-soitec-team-offer-154600920.html,X-FAB and Soitec team up to offer SmartSiC™ at Lubbock plant  USA,X-FAB and Soitec team up to offer SmartSiC™ at Lubbock plant  USA Partnership to bring power devices based on Soitec’s cutting-edge SmartSiC™ silicon carbide wafers to X-FAB’s extensive fabless client network Tessenderlo (Belgium) and Bernin (France) ,SOITECX-FAB and Soitec team up to offer SmartSiC™ at Lubbock plant  USAPartnership to bring power devices based on Soitec’s cutting-edge SmartSiC™ silicon carbide wafers to X-FAB’s extensive fabless client networkTessenderlo (Belgium) and Bernin (France)  May 22  2024 — X-FAB (Euronext Paris)  a global pure-play foundry leader serving a large variety of fabless customers  and Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  will begin work to offer Soitec’s SmartSiC™ wafers for the production of silicon carbide power devices at X-FAB’s plant in Lubbock  Texas.ADVERTISEMENTThis collaboration follows the successful completion of the assessment phase  during which silicon carbide (SiC) power devices were manufactured at X-FAB Texas on 150mm SmartSiC™ wafers. Soitec will offer X-FAB’s customers easy access to the SmartSiC™ substrate through a joint supply chain consignment model.X-FAB is the pioneer and leader of the foundry model in the fast-growing SiC market. Silicon carbide (SiC) is a disruptive compound semiconductor material with intrinsic properties providing superior performance and efficiency over silicon in power applications.SmartSiC™ is a proprietary Soitec technology based on the company’s SmartCut™ process  in which a thin layer of a high-quality monocrystalline (mono-SiC) ‘donor’ wafer is split off and bonded to a low resistivity polycrystalline (poly-SiC) ‘handle’ wafer. The resulting substrate offers improved device performance and manufacturing yields. The process allows multiple re-uses of a single donor wafer  significantly reducing cost and related CO 2 emissions.In this fast-growing market  Soitec is ramping production of SmartSiC™ substrates at its new plant of Bernin  near Grenoble (France). X-FAB is increasing production capacity for SiC devices at the Lubbock plant. The use of the SmartSiC™ substrate enables X-FAB’s customers to design smaller devices  resulting in efficiency improvements through an increased number of dies per wafer. The benefit of reduced CO 2 emissions from the substrate manufacturing process will also contribute to X-FAB's initiative to reduce its overall carbon footprint.Story continuesSophie Le-Guyadec VP Procurement of X-FAB  states: “As the leading SiC foundry  we want to provide our customers the full range of opportunities to design innovative and robust SiC devices for electric vehicles  renewable power and industrial applications. To offer the most advanced silicon carbide processes and manufacturing capabilities  we jointly agreed to provide our customers easy access to Soitec’s innovative SmartSiC™ via a consignment model.”Emmanuel Sabonnadiere  Soitec Executive Vice President Automotive and Industry comments: “Soitec’s SmartSiC substrates and X-FAB’s foundry services are a perfect fit to meet increasing demand for new SiC products. This cooperation is a significant milestone for the deployment of SmartSiC in the U.S. market and internationally  thanks to X-FAB’s global footprint.”About X-FABX-FAB is the leading analog/mixed-signal and MEMS foundry group manufacturing silicon wafers for automotive  industrial  consumer  medical and other applications. Its customers worldwide benefit from the highest quality standards  manufacturing excellence and innovative solutions by using X-FAB’s modular CMOS and SOI processes in geometries ranging from 1.0 µm to 110 nm  and its special silicon carbide and MEMS long-lifetime processes. X-FAB’s analog-digital integrated circuits (mixed-signal ICs)  sensors and micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) are manufactured at six production facilities in Germany  France  Malaysia  and the U.S. X-FAB employs approx. 4 500 employees worldwide.For further information  please contact:MEDIA RELATIONSAnja NoackAnja.noack@xfab.comINVESTOR RELATIONSUta SteinbrecherUta.steinbrecher@xfab.comAbout SoitecSoitec (Euronext- Tech Leaders)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has been developing cutting-edge products delivering both technological performance and energy efficiency for over 30 years. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions  and generated sales of 1.1 billion Euros in fiscal year 2022-2023. Soitec occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three main strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industrial  and smart devices. The company relies on the talent and diversity of its 2 100 employees  representing 50 different nationalities  working at its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. Soitec has registered over 4 000 patents.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ and follow us on X: @Soitec_OfficialFor further information  please contact:MEDIA RELATIONSCaroline Sasiamedia@soitec.comINVESTOR RELATIONSSteve Babureckinvestors@soitec.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Soitec team', 'Lubbock plant', 'X-FAB', 'SmartSiC™', 'USA', 'joint supply chain consignment model', 'Sophie Le-Guyadec VP Procurement', 'Uta Steinbrecher Uta.steinbrecher', 'three main strategic markets', 'disruptive compound semiconductor material', 'extensive fabless client network', 'cutting-edge SmartSiC™ silicon carbide wafers', 'Soitec Executive Vice President', 'advanced silicon carbide processes', 'global pure-play foundry leader', 'silicon carbide power devices', 'semiconductor value chain', 'special silicon carbide', 'low resistivity polycrystalline', 'highest quality standards', 'analog-digital integrated circuits', 'Euronext- Tech Leaders', 'U.S. market', 'overall carbon footprint', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'MEMS long-lifetime processes', 'robust SiC devices', 'MEMS foundry group', '150mm SmartSiC™ wafers', 'related CO 2 emissions', 'leading SiC foundry', 'six production facilities', 'SiC) power devices', 'growing SiC market', 'single donor wafer', 'new SiC products', 'proprietary Soitec technology', 'U.S. X-FAB', 'substrate manufacturing process', 'cutting-edge products', 'silicon wafers', 'foundry model', 'growing market', 'global footprint', 'SOI processes', 'foundry services', 'global headquarters', 'power applications', 'renewable power', 'smaller devices', 'smart devices', 'leading analog/mixed-signal', 'SmartSiC™ substrate', 'resulting substrate', 'manufacturing yields', 'new plant', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'manufacturing excellence', 'innovative SmartSiC™', 'innovative solutions', 'fabless customers', 'USA Partnership', 'Euronext Paris', 'large variety', 'successful completion', 'assessment phase', 'easy access', 'intrinsic properties', 'superior performance', 'SmartCut™ process', 'thin layer', 'high-quality monocrystalline', 'device performance', 'multiple re-uses', 'increased number', 'full range', 'electric vehicles', 'Emmanuel Sabonnadiere', 'Industry comments', 'SmartSiC substrates', 'perfect fit', 'increasing demand', 'significant milestone', 'other applications', 'modular CMOS', 'mixed-signal ICs', 'micro-electro-mechanical systems', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'world leader', 'technological performance', 'unique solutions', '1.1 billion Euros', 'fiscal year', 'key position', 'mobile communications', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Caroline Sasia', 'Steve Babureck', 'production capacity', 'efficiency improvements', 'industrial applications', 'industrial, consumer', 'energy efficiency', 'Lubbock plant', 'Soitec team', 'Anja Noack', 'X-FAB Texas', 'Tessenderlo', 'Belgium', 'Bernin', 'France', 'May', 'designing', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'collaboration', 'pioneer', 'company', 'cost', 'Grenoble', 'dies', 'benefit', 'initiative', 'Story', 'opportunities', 'Automotive', 'cooperation', 'deployment', 'medical', 'geometries', '1.0 µm', '110 nm', 'sensors', 'Germany', 'Malaysia', '4,500 employees', 'information', 'xfab', '30 years', 'sales', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,100 employees', 'sites', 'Europe', '4,000 patents', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,uk.finance.yahoo.com
41386,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nanobiotix-provides-first-quarter-2024-operational-and-financial-update-1033410224,NANOBIOTIX Provides First Quarter 2024 Operational and Financial Update,Based on the current operating plan and financial projections  Nanobiotix anticipates that the cash and cash equivalents of €58.9 million as of March 31  2024  will fund its operations into Q3 2025 which is inclusive of the $20 million milestone we meanwhile received.,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today provided an update on operational progress and reported financial results for the first quarter of 2024.First Quarter Financial UpdatesCash and Cash Equivalents :Based on the current operating plan and financial projections  Nanobiotix anticipates that the cash and cash equivalents of €58.9 million as of March 31  2024  will fund its operations into Q3 2025 which is inclusive of the $20 million milestone we meanwhile received.Conference Call and WebcastNanobiotix will host a conference call and live audio webcast today on Wednesday  May 22  2024  at 8:00 AM EDT / 2:00 PM CEST  prior to the open of the U.S. market. During the call  Laurent Levy  chief executive officer  will provide an update on business activities before taking questions from participants.Details for the call are as follows :Audio-only dial-in link: click hereWebcast link: click hereParticipants can use the audio-only link above to register and obtain dial-in instructions to listen to the presentation via phone and ask questions during the Q&A session  or participants can use the webcast link to register and listen and watch the slide presentation online; the replay version will be available under the same webcast link shortly after the presentation and will be archived on the Company’s website at www.nanobiotix.com. It is recommended to join 10 minutes prior to the event start. Participants are invited to email their questions in advance to investors@nanobiotix.com .About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.27,0.31,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Operational', 'Financial Update', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Item 3.D. Risk Factors', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'First Quarter Financial Updates', 'U.S. market', 'chief executive officer', 'Q&A session', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'safe harbor” provisions', '2023 universal registration document', 'Media Relations FR', 'live audio webcast', 'Investor Relations Department', 'current operating plan', 'cash runway projections', 'same webcast link', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'financial projections', 'other factors', 'current expectations', 'financial results', 'financial resources', 'financial performance', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'operational progress', '$20 million milestone', '8:00 AM EDT', 'Laurent Levy', 'replay version', 'event start', 'treatment outcomes', 'The Company', 'human life', 'United States', 'other locations', '25 patent families', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Laurent Wormser', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Kevin Gardner', 'forward-looking” statements', 'looking statements', 'Cash Equivalents', 'business activities', 'company business', 'treatment possibilities', 'Conference Call', 'unknown risks', 'slide presentation', 'Further information', 'sec.gov', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'March', 'operations', 'Q3', 'Wednesday', 'May', '2:00 PM', 'open', 'questions', 'participants', 'Details', 'dial', 'instructions', 'phone', 'website', 'advance', 'investors', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'France', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'oncology', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'proceed', 'period', 'time', 'Words', 'expects', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'April', 'AMF', 'law', 'obligation', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'lwormser', 'kgardner', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Attachment']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,markets.businessinsider.com
41387,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-stocks-19-060359521.html,Euronext Paris Growth Stocks With Up To 19% Insider Ownership,Amid a backdrop of mixed performance in major European stock indexes  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline  investors continue to navigate through economic uncertainties and policy adjustments.,Amid a backdrop of mixed performance in major European stock indexes  with France's CAC 40 Index experiencing a slight decline  investors continue to navigate through economic uncertainties and policy adjustments. In such an environment  growth companies with high insider ownership can be particularly compelling  as substantial insider stakes often align leadership interests with shareholder returns.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.3% 24.4% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 37.7% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.9% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.6% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.8% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 24.9% 92.9% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's explore several standout options from the results in the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions tailored for the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.24 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Lectra  a French growth company with high insider ownership  reported a slight dip in net income to €7.17 million from €7.63 million year-over-year  despite an increase in sales to €129.56 million. The company's revenue and earnings are expected to grow annually by 11.3% and 28.6% respectively  outpacing the French market averages of 5.8% for revenue and 10.9% for earnings growth. However  its return on equity is projected to be low at 13.3% in three years' time  indicating potential challenges in generating shareholder value relative to its capital base.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a pharmaceutical company based in France  specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €409.68 million.Operations: The company generates its revenues primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 16.4%MedinCell  a French growth company with substantial insider ownership  is navigating mixed outcomes in its recent clinical trials and collaborations. The Phase 3 trial for F14 did not meet its primary endpoint but showed numerical improvements in secondary pain measures and significant enhancements in knee mobility post-surgery. Concurrently  MedinCell's collaboration with AbbVie could bring up to €1.9 billion in milestones  bolstering its financial prospects despite a volatile share price and recent shareholder dilution. The firm's revenues are projected to grow significantly at 40.1% annually  outstripping the French market average of 5.8%.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. operates globally  offering public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions with a market capitalization of approximately €1.19 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue through three primary segments: public cloud (€140.71 million)  private cloud (€514.59 million)  and web cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%OVH Groupe  a French cloud services provider  is on track to profitability with expected robust earnings growth over the next three years. Recent strategic moves include the appointment of Benjamin Revcolevschi  enhancing leadership in innovation and international expansion. The company's revenue growth projections surpass the French market average  although its return on equity remains modest. OVH's commitment to sustainability and regional economic integration further supports its growth trajectory amidst a volatile share price.ENXTPA:OVH Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Where To Now?Click here to access our complete index of 21 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership.Have a stake in these businesses? Integrate your holdings into Simply Wall St's portfolio for notifications and detailed stock reports.Unlock the power of informed investing with Simply Wall St  your free guide to navigating stock markets worldwide.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.02,0.33,0.64,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Stocks', 'Up To 19% Insider Ownership', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'major European stock indexes', 'French cloud services provider', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'substantial insider ownership', 'substantial insider stakes', 'several standout options', 'industrial intelligence solutions', ""three years' time"", 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'recent clinical trials', 'secondary pain measures', '€1.9 billion in milestones', 'volatile share price', 'dedicated server solutions', 'next three years', 'Recent strategic moves', 'term focused ana', 'robust earnings growth', 'French market averages', 'private cloud services', 'OVH Ownership Breakdown', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'three primary segments', 'regional economic integration', 'detailed stock reports', 'recent shareholder dilution', 'French growth company', 'revenue growth projections', 'growth trajectory', 'LSS Earnings', 'web cloud', 'economic uncertainties', 'market capitalization', 'primary endpoint', 'stock markets', 'shareholder returns', 'shareholder value', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'public cloud', 'mixed performance', 'CAC 40 Index', 'slight decline', 'policy adjustments', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'furniture industries', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'potential challenges', 'capital base', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'mixed outcomes', 'Phase 3 trial', 'numerical improvements', 'significant enhancements', 'knee mobility', 'financial prospects', 'shared hosting', 'Benjamin Revcolevschi', 'international expansion', 'complete index', 'free guide', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'pharmaceutical company', 'leadership interests', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lectra SA', 'backdrop', 'France', 'investors', 'environment', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'results', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'Americas', 'increase', 'sales', 'equity', 'May', 'development', 'long', 'revenues', 'Story', 'collaborations', 'F14', 'surgery', 'AbbVie', 'firm', 'track', 'profitability', 'appointment', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'notifications', 'power', 'investing', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '19.', '28.']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,finance.yahoo.com
41388,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/insider-owned-growth-leaders-euronext-050632220.html,Insider-Owned Growth Leaders On Euronext Amsterdam May 2024,As of May 2024  the Euronext Amsterdam  along with global markets  exhibits a cautiously optimistic outlook as inflation concerns begin to ease and growth stocks show resilience. This backdrop sets an intriguing stage for examining growth companies in the ...,As of May 2024  the Euronext Amsterdam  along with global markets  exhibits a cautiously optimistic outlook as inflation concerns begin to ease and growth stocks show resilience. This backdrop sets an intriguing stage for examining growth companies in the Netherlands  particularly those with high insider ownership which suggests strong confidence from those closest to the operations. High insider ownership can often be a marker of stability and a vested interest in the company's success  traits that are especially valuable in the current economic climate where strategic insights and committed leadership are key to navigating market fluctuations.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 69.2% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.3%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here we highlight a subset of our preferred stocks from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines (RVMs) for recycling used beverage containers  primarily operating in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market capitalization of €360.56 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue by designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers across the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Earnings Growth Forecast: 69.2% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V. has demonstrated a robust growth trajectory with its revenue and earnings forecasted to expand by 34.4% and 69.25% per year respectively  outpacing the Dutch market significantly. Despite recent volatility in share price and shareholder dilution through a follow-on equity offering of NOK 300 million  the company's return on equity is expected to reach an impressive 24.8% in three years. Currently  Envipco trades at a substantial discount  marked at 75.5% below its estimated fair value  highlighting potential undervaluation amidst its growth prospects.ENXTAM:ENVI Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Story continuesOverview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €263.96 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily through its software and programming segment  which amounted to €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK  a Dutch growth company with high insider ownership  is navigating a challenging phase with a net loss widening to €13.25 million in 2023 from €7.28 million the previous year  despite revenue growth to €42.94 million. The firm anticipates its Committed Annual Recurring Revenues to hit €50 million in 2024  reflecting robust future prospects. However  recent executive changes and past shareholder dilution could impact stability. MotorK's revenue is expected to grow at 24% annually  outperforming the local market's 9.2%.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €618.53 million.Operations: The company's revenue is generated primarily from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  totaling €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.3% p.a.PostNL  a Dutch company  is trading at 48.6% below its estimated fair value and has shown a significant profit growth forecast of 24.3% per year  surpassing the local market's expectation of 15.9%. However  its revenue growth projection lags at 3.4% annually against the market's 9.2%. The firm faces challenges with high debt levels and shareholder dilution over the past year  alongside an unstable dividend track record despite recent earnings guidance suggesting improvements in normalized EBIT and comprehensive income for 2024.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Key TakeawaysGet an in-depth perspective on all 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by using our screener here.Are these companies part of your investment strategy? Use Simply Wall St to consolidate your holdings into a portfolio and gain insights with our comprehensive analysis tools.Simply Wall St is a revolutionary app designed for long-term stock investors  it's free and covers every market in the world.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVI ENXTAM:MTRKENXTAM:PNL andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['Insider-Owned Growth Leaders', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'unstable dividend track record', 'significant profit growth forecast', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'robust growth trajectory', 'high debt levels', 'current economic climate', 'reverse vending machines', 'automotive retail industry', 'Annual Recurring Revenues', 'PostNL N.V.', 'long-term stock investors', 'recent executive changes', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'recent earnings guidance', 'robust future prospects', 'comprehensive analysis tools', 'revenue growth projection', 'past shareholder dilution', 'The Netherlands segments', 'Dutch growth company', 'growth prospects', 'Ebusco Holding', 'growth stocks', 'recent volatility', 'comprehensive income', 'ENVI Earnings', 'Dutch market', 'global markets', 'optimistic outlook', 'inflation concerns', 'intriguing stage', 'strong confidence', 'vested interest', 'committed leadership', 'full list', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'share price', 'three years', 'substantial discount', 'fair value', 'potential undervaluation', 'service solutions', 'Benelux Union', 'programming segment', 'challenging phase', 'net loss', 'logistics services', 'past year', 'normalized EBIT', 'Key Takeaways', 'depth perspective', 'investment strategy', 'revolutionary app', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forec', 'market fluctuations', 'market capitalization', 'local market', 'Dutch company', 'preferred stocks', 'strategic insights', 'equity offering', 'previous year', 'MotorK plc', '5 stocks', 'May', 'resilience', 'backdrop', 'operations', 'marker', 'stability', 'success', 'traits', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', 'subset', 'Overview', 'RVMs', 'recycling', 'Europe', 'manufacturing', 'NOK', 'return', 'impressive 24.', 'Story', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'firm', 'postal', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'expectation', 'challenges', 'improvements', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', '69', '2024']",2024-05-22,2024-05-22,finance.yahoo.com
