UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
5626,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Paxos Sever Blockchain Partnership . The partnership between Euroclear and Paxos has come to an end.,nan,Euroclear and Paxos Sever Blockchain Partnership . The partnership between Euroclear and Paxos has come to an end.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Paxos Sever Blockchain Partnership', 'Euroclear', 'end', 'Paxos Sever Blockchain Partnership', 'Euroclear', 'end']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17529,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We’ll be “springing” into a new season programme on 3 March! Booking is open for the Deutsche Börse Photography F… https://t.co/fneZ0Y4hXQ,nan,We’ll be “springing” into a new season programme on 3 March! Booking is open for the Deutsche Börse Photography F… https://t.co/fneZ0Y4hXQ,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['new season programme', '3 March', 'Booking', 'new season programme', '3 March', 'Booking']",2023-02-01,2023-02-08,Unknown
17602,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This is awesome! We're so glad that you're loving your ClearStream 4V 😃 https://t.co/dE4SOFCLLM,nan,This is awesome! We're so glad that you're loving your ClearStream 4V 😃 https://t.co/dE4SOFCLLM,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V', 'ClearStream 4V']",2023-02-02,2023-02-08,Unknown
17608,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/TJkvaRkMw7,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/TJkvaRkMw7,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'TJkvaRkMw7', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'TJkvaRkMw7']",2023-02-02,2023-02-08,Unknown
17609,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/4DMOAsil1M,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/4DMOAsil1M,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Repo Transaction', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Repo Transaction']",2023-02-02,2023-02-08,Unknown
17679,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hXnSijdQ04,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hXnSijdQ04,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-02-03,2023-02-08,Unknown
17680,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/YsiQO51jnD,nan,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/YsiQO51jnD,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'YsiQO51jnD', 'German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'YsiQO51jnD']",2023-02-03,2023-02-08,Unknown
17681,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SUSE's IPO virtual experience has won gold at this year’s iF DESIGN Awards! Seeing the Deutsche Börse come to life… https://t.co/HrECLeYOjP,nan,SUSE's IPO virtual experience has won gold at this year’s iF DESIGN Awards! Seeing the Deutsche Börse come to life… https://t.co/HrECLeYOjP,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,True,English,"['IPO virtual experience', 'iF DESIGN Awards', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SUSE', 'gold', 'year', 'life', 'HrECLeYOjP', 'IPO virtual experience', 'iF DESIGN Awards', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SUSE', 'gold', 'year', 'life', 'HrECLeYOjP']",2023-02-03,2023-02-08,Unknown
17682,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/WlB8ZhWlke,nan,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/WlB8ZhWlke,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'WlB8ZhWlke', 'Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'WlB8ZhWlke']",2023-02-02,2023-02-08,Unknown
17865,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-063000128.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the...,eQ OyjeQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .Story continues7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'The Board', 'parent company', 'The AGM', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', 'Oyj', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17866,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/95673/metaco-expands-senior-leadership-team,Metaco expands senior leadership team,Metaco  the market-leading provider of mission-critical digital asset custody and orchestration technology to global financial and non-financial institutions  has appointed a number of key new executives to its leadership team  to address the increased demand…,Source: MetacoMetaco  the market-leading provider of mission-critical digital asset custody and orchestration technology to global financial and non-financial institutions  has appointed a number of key new executives to its leadership team  to address the increased demand for institutional digital asset services  while expanding its addressable market within and beyond the banking industry.Former global Head of Digital Asset Infrastructure at IBM  Peter DeMeo  joins the company as Chief Product Officer  overseeing the product roadmap planning and lifecycle execution of Metaco’s suite of software and infrastructure solutions for institutions  and also responsible for setting up the company’s digital asset advisory practice which provides strategic direction and consulting to the business and to its clients. Having created IBM’s digital asset key management practice going back to 2017  DeMeo brings deep domain expertise to the company in digital asset key management and holds patents for hardened  policy based crypto transaction signing and quantum-safe offline cloud cold storage.Adding to DeMeo’s expertise in Metaco’s executive team is former IBM lead architect  Angel Nunez Mencias who joins as Chief Customer Officer. Nunez Mencias  a prolific inventor and multiple patent owner  oversaw two decades of software enterprise design at the computing giant  including managing the development of its Hyper Protect Cloud services.Metaco continues to experience sustained growth from financial institutions  corporates and startups for its services. Over the past 12 months it has trebled its headcount in order to scale delivery and ensure customer success across the globe. Appointments across the domains of computing  banking  fintech and digital assets include Katrin Koller  former executive for Digital Assets at Accenture  as Head of Advisory; Rebecca Aspler  former blockchain product manager at PayPal and Unbound Security  as Head of Product; and Mei Li Powell as Global Head of Marketing & Communications  who brings an in-depth understanding of the needs and client servicing models across the transaction services industry gained over three decades in senior  global roles at Citi and Euroclear.Adrien Treccani  CEO and Founder of Metaco  commented  “We’re proud to appoint executives from leading companies in the computing  blockchain  financial services and consultancy industries to the leadership team. Metaco continues to grow at pace  supporting financial and non-financial institutions with infrastructure for a future in which every asset will be represented on-chain. These additions to our team will ensure that we continue to scale effectively and develop our solutions to meet the unprecedented levels of institutional demand we face  from regulated top-tier banks to corporates across all industries who wish to embed digital assets into their products and services.”Peter DeMeo  Chief Product Officer at Metaco  commented  “I am thrilled to join Metaco at such a pivotal time in the growth of the company. The digital asset industry is undergoing a paradigm shift  underpinned by new security and compliance standards  driven by established financial institutions working closely with regulators worldwide. Metaco is playing a crucial role in supporting these institutions to bridge traditional finance and digital assets. Our purpose built infrastructure for complex digital asset use-cases supports business operating models characterized by the maximum possible levels of security and regulatory compliance.”In addition to bolstering its executive team  Metaco has invested in key personnel across research and development  engineering and customer services to ensure the continued implementation of industry-leading custody solutions and fulfill customer and growth ambitions. As part of its commitment to innovation and servicing institutional needs  the company is creating Metaco Labs  a new research and development unit which is being led by Chief Customer Officer  Angel Nunez Mencias. Among his first innovation priorities  Nunez Mencias will oversee the commercialization of Metaco’s recently developed proprietary multi-party computation (MPC) key management solution  while continuing to work with strategic partners and top-tier banks to integrate MPC key shards natively in hardware security modules. This will deliver the highest degree of security  scalability and flexibility in institutional custody  strengthening Metaco’s differentiating position in the market as the only custody technology platform able to combine the best of multi-party computation and hardware security to decentralize risk and minimize attack surfaces.Gene A. Grant II  Chief Executive Officer at LevelField  commented  “Metaco has been an ideal partner for our digital asset business lines. Their Harmonize orchestration platform  providing the highest levels of security and compliance for our operations  is the solid foundation upon which we are building our client experience. We will continue to work with Metaco to explore its unique propositions around multi-party computation key management technology for future projects as we continue our commitment to support clients storing and trading digital assets securely and at scale.”,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['senior leadership team', 'Metaco', 'hardened, policy based crypto transaction signing', 'quantum-safe offline cloud cold storage', 'digital asset key management practice', 'Gene A. Grant II', 'MPC) key management solution', 'Hyper Protect Cloud services', 'complex digital asset use-cases', 'mission-critical digital asset custody', 'digital asset advisory practice', 'digital asset business lines', 'former IBM lead architect', 'former blockchain product manager', 'institutional digital asset services', 'MPC key shards', 'transaction services industry', 'digital asset industry', 'multiple patent owner', 'Chief Product Officer', 'product roadmap planning', 'business operating models', 'Digital Asset Infrastructure', 'client servicing models', 'senior, global roles', 'custody technology platform', 'Harmonize orchestration platform', 'maximum possible levels', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Customer Officer', 'deep domain expertise', 'Angel Nunez Mencias', 'regulated top-tier banks', 'industry-leading custody solutions', 'first innovation priorities', 'proprietary multi-party computation', 'key new executives', 'Former global Head', 'hardware security modules', 'former executive', 'key personnel', 'institutional custody', 'digital assets', 'orchestration technology', 'customer services', 'client experience', 'unprecedented levels', 'highest levels', 'global financial', 'financial services', 'customer success', 'banking industry', 'executive team', 'new security', 'market-leading provider', 'lifecycle execution', 'strategic direction', 'prolific inventor', 'two decades', 'enterprise design', 'past 12 months', 'Katrin Koller', 'Rebecca Aspler', 'Li Powell', 'depth understanding', 'three decades', 'Adrien Treccani', 'leading companies', 'institutional demand', 'pivotal time', 'paradigm shift', 'crucial role', 'traditional finance', 'continued implementation', 'institutional needs', 'strategic partners', 'highest degree', 'differentiating position', 'attack surfaces', 'ideal partner', 'solid foundation', 'unique propositions', 'new research', 'leadership team', 'infrastructure solutions', 'Unbound Security', 'non-financial institutions', 'sustained growth', 'compliance standards', 'regulatory compliance', 'growth ambitions', 'addressable market', 'Peter DeMeo', 'computing giant', 'consultancy industries', 'development unit', 'Metaco Labs', 'Source', 'number', 'company', 'suite', 'software', 'consulting', 'clients', 'patents', 'corporates', 'startups', 'headcount', 'order', 'delivery', 'globe', 'Appointments', 'domains', 'fintech', 'Accenture', 'PayPal', 'Mei', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Citi', 'Euroclear', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'pace', 'future', 'additions', 'products', 'regulators', 'purpose', 'engineering', 'commitment', 'commercialization', 'scalability', 'flexibility', 'risk', 'LevelField', 'operations']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finextra.com
17867,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SLIGRO-FOOD-GROUP-N-V-6438/news/Sligro-Food-N-Open-here-the-Convocation-for-the-AGM-on-22-March-2023-42919596/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Sligro Food N : Open here the Convocation for the AGM on 22 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   General Meeting   Shareholders of Sligro Food Group N.V. are convened for the Annual General Meeting to be held at   10.30 a.m. on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at Corridor 11 Veghel .   The agenda specifies which items will be sub…,"General Meeting Shareholders of Sligro Food Group N.V. are convened for the Annual General Meeting to be held at 10.30 a.m. on Wednesday 22 March 2023 (the ""Meeting"") at Corridor 11 (5466 RB) Veghel (the ""Meeting""). The agenda specifies which items will be submitted to the Meeting for resolution. The other items are for information purposes only or for discussion with shareholders. Agenda Opening remarks and announcements Minutes of the General Meeting of Sligro Food Group N.V. of 23 March 2022 (already adopted) Executive Board report for the 2022 financial year Annual report and financial statements Advisory vote on the Remuneration Report (resolution) Presentation by the auditor on the audit of the financial statements Adoption of the 2022 financial statements (resolution) Provision and Dividend Policy Profit distribution for 2022 (resolution) Grant of full discharge from liability to the members of the Executive Board in respect of their management (resolution) Grant of full discharge from liability to the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their supervision (resolution) Proposal for the amendment of the Remuneration Policy (resolution) Proposal to appoint Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as the company's auditor (resolution) Authorisation of the Executive Board to repurchase shares (resolution) Extension of the term of the Executive Board's authority to: issue shares (resolution) limit or exclude shareholders' pre-emptive rights in a share issue (resolution) Any other business and closing remarks The 2022 annual report and the full agenda with notes and appendices are available as from today on the Sligro Food Group N.V. website. (www.sligrofoodgroup.nl) These documents will also be available for inspection during office hours from today until the end of the Meeting  at the offices of Sligro Food Group N.V. (Corridor 11  5466 RB Veghel  +31 (0)413 34 35 and at Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. (Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  +31 (0)20 348 95 55  email: proxyvoting@kempen.nl) free of charge. Registration date For this Meeting  anyone who is registered as a shareholder in a designated register or sub-register on 22 February 2023 (the 'Registration Date') after processing of all additions and removals as of that date  and who has also been registered in the manner detailed below  is considered entitled to vote and attend the meeting. The register and sub-register designated for this purpose is made up of the Page 1 of 3records of all institutions affiliated with the Dutch Central Securities Depository ('Euroclear Nederland') as defined in the Securities (Bank Giro Transactions) Act (Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer). Registration and representation Holders of shares who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy can register in writing until 4 p.m. on 17 March 2023  through their bank  with Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. (by fax on +31 (0)20 348 95 49 or by email to proxyvoting@kempen.nl). This registration must be accompanied by a confirmation issued by the Euroclear Nederland-affiliated institution in whose records they are registered for the shares  showing that these shares are registered in their name on the Registration Date. Through their bank  these shareholders will receive a receipt that serves as an admission ticket to the Meeting. Proxies and voting instructions Holders of shares who do not wish to attend the Meeting in person may grant a written proxy and voting instructions to a third party to cast a vote on their behalf at the Meeting. In that case  the shareholder must register their shares in the manner described above and provide an electronic or paper copy of the proxy. Proxy and voting instruction forms are available free of charge from the Company (+31 (0)413 34 35 00) or on www.sligrofoodgroup.nl. The proxy must present the receipt and a copy of the proxy for the Meeting at the registration desk. Attendance registration Shareholders or their proxies can only exercise their voting and meeting rights at the Meeting if they are registered prior to the Meeting. This attendance registration will take place on the basis of the receipt at the entrance to the meeting room from 9.30 a.m. until the start of the Meeting. Upon request  shareholders or proxies shall provide valid identification. The Company's issued share capital and voting rights As at the date of the notice  the Company's issued share capital totals €2 655 300.90  consisting of 44 255 015 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.06 each. The number of voting rights as at that date amounts to 44 186 315 (68 700 shares repurchased). Asking questions before the meeting Shareholders who have registered on time in the manner detailed above will have the opportunity to ask questions about the items on the agenda as specified in this notice  fromMonday 13 March 2023 until Thursday 16 March 2023 and exclusively by email to AVA@sligro.nl .A selection of these questions will be answered at the Meeting  possibly by addressing certain themes to which multiple questions relate.Shareholders may submit no more than a total of 5 questions in advance.Questions submitted in advance must be in Dutch or English.Please specify the following for each question asked in advance and each question posed during the Meeting:the item on the agenda to which the question refers; the name of the shareholder in question; and  if the shareholder is not a natural person  the name of the natural person who is asking the question on behalf of the shareholder.By providing this information  you also grant permission for the information to be posted on the Sligro Food Group website. Page 2 of 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sligro Food N', 'Convocation', 'AGM', '22 March', 'Sligro Food Group N.V. website', 'Van Lanschot Kempen N.V.', 'Dividend Policy Profit distribution', 'Dutch Central Securities Depository', 'Bank Giro Transactions) Act', '2022 financial year Annual report', 'financial statements Advisory vote', 'Young Accountants LLP', 'Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer', 'Euroclear Nederland-affiliated institution', 'voting instruction forms', 'Executive Board report', ""shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'Annual General Meeting', 'Attendance registration Shareholders', 'General Meeting Shareholders', '2022 annual report', '2022 financial statements', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Remuneration Report', 'Supervisory Board', 'voting rights', 'information purposes', 'full discharge', 'share issue', 'other business', 'office hours', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', 'third party', 'valid identification', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'registration desk', 'meeting rights', 'closing remarks', 'paper copy', 'Wednesday 22 March', 'Monday 13 March', 'Registration date', 'other items', 'voting instructions', 'meeting room', 'full agenda', 'multiple questions', 'written proxy', '44,255,015 ordinary shares', '5466 RB Veghel', '23 March', '17 March', '5 questions', '68,700 shares', '10.30 a', 'Corridor', 'resolution', 'discussion', 'announcements', 'Minutes', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Adoption', 'Provision', 'Grant', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'management', 'supervision', 'Proposal', 'amendment', 'Ernst', 'company', 'Authorisation', 'Extension', 'term', 'authority', 'notes', 'appendices', 'today', 'sligrofoodgroup', 'documents', 'inspection', 'offices', 'Beethovenstraat', 'email', 'nl', 'register', '22 February', 'processing', 'additions', 'removals', 'manner', 'Page', 'records', 'institutions', 'person', 'writing', 'fax', 'confirmation', 'name', 'receipt', 'ticket', 'Proxies', 'behalf', 'case', 'electronic', 'www', 'place', 'basis', 'entrance', '9.30 a', 'start', 'request', 'notice', 'number', 'time', 'opportunity', 'Thursday', 'AVA', 'selection', 'themes', 'total', 'advan']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17868,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602596/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am               Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023      Notice is given to the...,English FinnisheQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'English Finnish', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'Governing Bodies', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17869,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-42914287/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Elie…,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.3,0.67,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17870,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-CONVENING-NOTICE-FOR-THE-SPECIAL-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETINGS-Form-6-K-42915823/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS   The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the special shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Thursday 23 March 2023  at 2 p.m…,"Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K 02/07/2023 | 04:49am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the special shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Thursday 23 March 2023  at 2 p.m. Belgian time  to deliberate on the agenda mentioned below containing proposed decisions. The special shareholders' meeting shall validly deliberate and decide on Thursday 23 March 2023  irrespective of the portion of the capital present or represented by the shareholders at the meeting. Prior explanatory note On 16 January 2023  the Company received a request pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations from CMB NV  as shareholder owning more than 10% of the outstanding shares of the Company  to convene a shareholders' meeting with the agenda items and decisions proposed by CMB NV (being items 1 through 3 set forth below). Agenda of the special shareholders' meeting 1 Dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board Proposed decisions by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (each proposed decision to be made subject to a separate vote): ""1.1 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1 1.2 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.3 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mr. Steven Smith as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.4 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Anita Odedra as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.5 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mr. Carl Trowell as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect."" 2 Appointment of members of the Supervisory Board Proposed decisions by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (each proposed decision to be made subject to a separate vote): ""2.1 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Marc Saverys as non-independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Marc Saverys holds a degree in law from the University of Ghent. In In 1975 he joined Bocimar's chartering department  the dry bulk division of the CMB Group. In 1985 he left Bocimar and became Managing Director of Exmar  which at that time became a diversified shipowning company  where he was in charge of the drybulk division. He became a director of CMB Group in 1991 and was Managing Director of CMB Group from April 1992 through September 2014 when he was appointed as chairman. During the period from 2003 through July 2014  he served as the Chairman of the Board of Euronav  and served as a Vice-Chairman of the Board of Euronav from July 2014 until December 2015. 2.2 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Patrick De Brabandere as non-independent member of the Supervisory Board until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Patrick De Brabandere holds a degree in Applied Economic Sciences from UCL Louvain-la Neuve. He started his career at the audit firm Arthur Andersen. In 1987  he joined Almabo  the former holding company of the Saverys family  as Project Controller. He became CFO of CMB NV in 1998 and was appointed director of CMB NV in 2002. In 2003  following the partial demerger of Exmar NV from CMB NV  he became director and CFO of Exmar NV  then COO. In 2020 he became CFO of Exmar NV again until June 2022. He currently is a director of CMB NV and he also sits on the board of CMB.TECH NV since April 2021. 2.3 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Julie De Nul as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mrs. Julie De Nul holds a Master's degree in law from the University of Ghent. She is CEO of Jan De Nul Dredging NV since 2020 and has been a member of the board of directors of Jan De Nul NV since 2010. From 2007 to 2010  she was Legal Counsel at Office Belgium. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of VCB (the Flemish Construction Confederation)  VOKA (the Flanders' Chamber of Commerce and Industry) and Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent. 2 The general meeting acknowledges that Mrs. Julie De Nul can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023). 2.4 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Catharina Scheers as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mrs. Catharina Scheers holds a Master's degree in Communication and Media from KU Leuven and a Bachelor's degree in Political and Social Science from the University of Antwerp. She started her career with Fast Lines in 1993. She is the owner and managing director of Fast Lines Belgium and has been appointed Chair of the company since 2003. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of ASF (Antwerp Shipping Federation)  a member of the board of BRABO and a member of WISTA (Women's International Shipping and Trading Association). In 2021  Mrs. Catharina Scheers received the ESPA ""Maritime Figure of the Year"" award. The general meeting acknowledges that Mrs. Catharine Scheers can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023). 2.5 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Patrick Molis as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Patrick Molis graduated from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and holds a Master's degree in law from Paris X Nanterre. He started his career as a Magistrate at the Cour des Comptes. Mr. Patrick Molis was General Manager of Union Normande Investissement (1989-1992)  CFO of Worms & Cie Group (1994-1997)  General Manager of Compagnie Nationale de Navigation (1995-1998)  Chairman of the Board of Compagnie du Ponant (2012-2015) and Chairman and CEO of Héli-Union (2013-2022). He is currently Chairman of Compagnie Nationale de Navigation (since 1998) and director of Sabena Technics. He has previously served as member of the board of directors of Euronav Luxembourg (1995-2001)  Euronav (2004-2010)  Compagnie Maritime Nantaise (1995-2017)  Compagnie Méridionale de Navigation (2008-2022) and of the Conseil d'orientation du Domaine national de Chambord (2007-2017). Mr. Patrick Molis has been awarded the titles of Knight of the Legion of Honour and Officer of the Order of Merit. The general meeting acknowledges that Mr. Patrick Molis can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023)."" 3 3 Proxy Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations Proposed decision by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations: ""The general meeting resolves to grant authority to Mrs. Sofie Lemlijn  Ms. Maxime Van der Weehe and Ms. Wendy De Mesmaecker to act alone with power to substitute  to fulfil all necessary formalities with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations with respect to the decisions taken at the present meeting."" 4 Miscellaneous • • • 4 CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION I. Admission requirements In accordance with article 32 of the articles of association and article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  the shareholders have to fulfil the following requirements in order to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting and to exercise their right to vote at the meeting in person or by proxy (card). The Company is working with Lumi Connect ( https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events ) to assist shareholders with the registration to (i) participate in the shareholders meeting  (ii) vote before the shareholders meeting or (iii) grant a power of attorney to another person to vote in the shareholders meeting. We advise all shareholders to use this efficient platform. All shareholders attending the shareholders' meeting in person are kindly requested to arrive in advance of the meeting  taking into account that they shall have to register before being allowed to enter the shareholders meeting. Registration will open at 12.30 pm and will be closed 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. The company's ordinary shares are comprised of (a) shares that are tradable on Euronext Brussels and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register which is kept in its registered office (the ""Belgian Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" European Shares "")  and (b) shares that are tradable on the New York Stock Exchange and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register maintained in the United States by the company's U.S. transfer agent  which is Computershare (the ""U.S. Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" U.S. Shares ""). 1. Record Date Shareholders have the right to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting provided they have their shares recorded in their name (i.e. can prove they own these shares) on Thursday 9 March 2023 at 24:00 hours Belgian time (the ""Record Date""). In view of the Record Date set for the company's shareholders' meeting on Thursday 23 March 2023  shareholders may not reposition shares between the Belgian Share Register and the U.S. Share Register during the period from 8 March 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) until 10 March 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) (the ""Freeze Period""). Please consult the company's website for the applicable Freeze Periods. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) The holders of registered European Shares may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if their shares are registered in the company's Belgian Share Register on the Record Date. 5 (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to use the Lumi Connect Platform and registers for the shareholders meeting of the Company on https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   the below mentioned procedure should not be followed and Lumi Connect shall determine the shareholding on the Record Date. If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to not use the Lumi Connect Platform  the following procedure should be followed: The holders of dematerialised European Shares should request their financial institution to issue a certificate stating the number of dematerialized shares registered in the name of the shareholder in its books on the Record Date and to send it directly to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) at the latest by Friday 17 March 2023  5.00 pm (Belgian time) (the ""Notification Deadline""). The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date on the basis of the certificate provided by the relevant financial institution to Euroclear Belgium. (c) Holders of U.S. Shares  reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is reflected in the U.S. Share Register on the Record Date. The company's U.S. transfer agent will provide the company directly or indirectly with a shareholder list at the Record Date that contains all of the registered holders of the company's U.S. Shares on the Record Date no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is included in the information provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary of such shareholders no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". 6 2. Attending the meeting in person. A. European Shares All shareholders  holding European Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below no later than the Notification Deadline: • electronically on the Lumi Connect platform via the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events (in case of dematerialized European Shares  whether or not through the intervention of a financial intermediary acting on instruction of the shareholder); • by e-mail to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below; • by post addressed to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below. In addition  proof of identification may be asked when entering the meeting room. If a shareholder  which holds European Shares  decides to not register electronically via the Lumi Connect Platform and decides to notify the Company via e-mail or post  the following procedures should be followed: (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Owners of registered European Shares wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete the attendance form included as part of their individual notice and notify the company thereof by the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form  which is available on the company's website  together with a proof of registration that is provided by such holder's financial institution. B. U.S. Shares All shareholders  holding US Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below and in Section III (Notifications) no later than the Notification Deadline. (a) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares registered directly in the U.S. Share Register wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form included as part of their individual notice. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. 7 (b) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares registered indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form available on the company's website together with an account statement or letter from a broker  bank or other nominee indicating that such holder was the owner of the shares on the Record Date. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. HOLDERS OF U.S. SHARES: IF YOU DECIDED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MEETING THROUGH A PROXY (CARD)  PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED THEREWITH. IF YOU ATTEND THE MEETING  YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY (CARD) UNTIL THE NOTIFICATION DEADLINE AND VOTE IN PERSON. 3. Powers of attorney - U.S. proxy card Each shareholder may appoint a special proxy to represent him or her at the shareholders' meeting or issue their votes through a U.S. proxy card  as the case may be. In the first case  the original proxy for this purpose must be submitted to the company. (a) Holders of European Shares (registered shares) Holders of registered European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form included as part of their individual notice and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) no later than the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form available on the company's website and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium no later than the Notification Deadline  attn. Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan 1  1210 Brussel (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). 8 (c) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. All shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website  in the Meeting Materials and with the U.S. proxy card in order to be validly represented at the shareholders' meeting. No other forms will be accepted  nor will proxy forms completed without complying with the instructions. 4. Voting by letter by holders of European Shares (both registered and dematerialized shares) Holders of registered or dematerialized European Shares who want to vote upfront prior to the meetings by letter  must complete: • the advance electronic vote that can be cast on the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the designated form for voting by letter available on the company's website  of which a completed signed original form should be provided at the latest on the Notification Deadline to Euroclear Belgium  for the attention of Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan  1  1210 Brussels (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). Moreover holders of dematerialized European Shares who want to vote by letter  have to comply with the conditions to participate to the meetings  as described above in ""1. Record date - (b) Holders of European Shares (dematerialized shares""). II. Shareholders' rights The company will distribute the convening notice and agenda  attendance form  attendance guidelines and proxy form (the ""Meeting Materials"") to (i) holders of European Shares (registered shares) and holders of U.S. Shares directly reflected in the U.S. Share Register through an individual mailing by the company no later than 6 February 2023; and (ii) holders of European Shares (dematerialised shares) through the website and the press no later than 6 February 2023; and (iii) holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) through a mailing as of 6 February 2023. Holders of U.S. Shares will additionally be provided with a U.S. proxy card. Taking into account the geographical spread of the shareholders and in order to enable holders of U.S. Shares to participate in the meeting  Broadridge will take all appropriate measures to provide the holders of U.S. Shares with the Meeting Materials and the U.S.proxy card timely. Only shareholders complying with all conditions of admission for attendance to the meeting outlined above shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. 9 A copy of the documents and reports mentioned in the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and of those that need to be submitted to said meeting can be obtained by the shareholders  free of charge  thirty days before the shareholders' meeting at the company's registered office  at the address mentioned below. One or more shareholders having at least 3% of the share capital of the company may add items to the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and may file proposals of resolution relating to already existing agenda items. These shareholders must notify the company of their proposals at the latest on Wednesday 1 March 2023. Following such notification  the company will publish a revised agenda no later than Wednesday 8 March 2023. Shareholders may ask questions in writing to the Supervisory Board prior to the shareholders' meeting by sending such questions to the company  or via the Lumi Connect platform (https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events)  no later than Friday 17 March 2023 at 5.00 pm (Belgian time). Shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website in this respect. III. Notifications Unless specified otherwise above  all notifications must be sent to one of the following addresses: Euronav NV Company Secretary - General Meetings De Gerlachekaai 20 2000 Antwerp Belgium Telefax: +32 3 247.44.09 Attention: Company Secretary - General Meetings E-mail address: shareholders@euronav.com Each of the aforementioned deadlines means the latest date on which the notification must be received by the company. When sent by post mail  the date of the postmark is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. When sent by telefax or email  the date of the fax or email is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. All documents and other information required for purposes of the shareholders' meeting are available from the above-mentioned address and from the company's website: www.euronav.com. 10 IV. Data protection Euronav is responsible for the processing of personal data received from  or collected about  holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders in the context of special shareholders' meetings. The company will process such data solely for the purposes of the organisation and conduct of the relevant special shareholders' meeting  including the convening notices  registrations  attendance and voting  as well as for maintaining lists or registers of security holders  and the analysis of the investor and security holder base of the company. These data include  amongst others  identification data  the number and nature of securities of a holder of securities issued by the company  proxies and voting instructions. Euronav may also transfer this data to third parties for the purposes of assistance or services to the company in connection with the foregoing. The company will process such data  mutatis mutandis  in accordance with the Euronav Privacy Statement  available on the company's website (https://www.euronav.com/en/privacy-statement/). The company informs the holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders of the rights they may have as data subjects  such as  among others  the right to access  the right to rectify and the right to object to processing  which are described in detail in aforementioned Privacy Statement. To exercise rights as a data subject and for all other information regarding the processing of personal data by or on behalf of the company  the company can be contacted by e-mail at dpo@euronav.com . The supervisory board 11 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Euronav NV published this content on 06 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 February 2023 09:41:50 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EURONAV NV 02/07 FRO - Emergency Arbitration claims initiated by Euronav fully dismissed - Frontline AQ 02/07 Euronav : Update on Emergency Arbitration PU 02/07 Euronav's Emergency Arbitration Case Over Canceled Frontline Merger Dismissed MT 02/07 Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K PU 02/06 Euronav Nv Announces Board Changes CI 02/06 Euronav - Special General Meeting of 23 March 2023 AQ 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 02/02 Transcript : Euronav NV  Q4 2022 Earnings Call  Feb 02  2023 CI 02/02 Euronav : Presentation Q4 earnings call PU 02/02 Euronav NV Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI Analyst Recommendations on EURONAV NV 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/12 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav's Price Target to $18 From $21  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/11 JonesTrading Upgrades Euronav to Buy From Hold MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"[""SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'Euronav', 'CONVENING', 'NOTICE', 'Form', 'Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato', 'Jan De Nul Dredging NV', 'Mrs. Julie De Nul', 'Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen', 'Mr. Patrick De Brabandere', 'Jan De Nul NV', 'Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent', 'Mrs. Anita Odedra', 'Mrs. Catharina Scheers', 'Mr. Steven Smith', 'Mr. Carl Trowell', 'multiple email addresses', 'Prior explanatory note', 'Mr. Marc Saverys', 'Applied Economic Sciences', 'UCL Louvain-la Neuve', 'Flemish Construction Confederation', 'dry bulk division', ""SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'diversified shipowning company', 'former holding company', 'ordinary general meeting', 'Saverys family', 'drybulk division', 'CMB NV', 'Exmar NV', 'Schaliënstraat', 'Belgian Code', 'outstanding shares', 'separate vote', 'immediate effect', 'chartering department', 'audit firm', 'Arthur Andersen', 'Project Controller', 'partial demerger', 'Legal Counsel', 'Office Belgium', ""Flanders' Chamber"", 'KU Leuven', 'CMB Group', 'supervisory board', 'First name', 'Belgian time', 'Managing Director', 'Belgian law', 'independent member', 'Thursday 23 March', 'agenda items', 'Euronav', 'CONVENING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '2000 Antwerp', 'proposed', 'decisions', 'portion', 'capital', '16 January', 'request', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'Dismissal', 'members', 'mandate', '2 Appointment', 'degree', 'University', 'Bocimar', 'charge', 'April', 'September', 'chairman', 'period', 'July', 'December', 'career', 'Almabo', 'CFO', 'COO', 'June', 'Master', 'CEO', 'directors', 'VCB', 'VOKA', 'Commerce', 'Industry', 'basis', 'information', 'Annex', 'letter', 'Communication', 'Bachelor', 'Poli']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17871,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PANOSTAJA-OYJ-1412516/news/Panostaja-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-February-7-2023-42920213/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Panostaja Oyj's Annual General Meeting February 7  2023,(marketscreener.com) Panostaja Oyj     Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting     February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m. Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere. The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial sta…,Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere.The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements presented for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022 and resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share be paid for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022. The dividend will be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  February 9  2023  are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on February 16  2023. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  either as dividends or as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 4 700 000. The authorization includes the right of the Board to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board and the CEO.The Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the remuneration report.The Annual General Meeting resolved that the remuneration of the Board remains unchanged and that for the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting the Chairman of the Board be paid a compensation of EUR 40 000  and that the other members of the Board be each paid a compensation of EUR 20 000. The Annual General Meeting also resolved that approximately 40 % of the remuneration remitted to the members of the Board will be paid on the basis of the share issue authorization  by issuing company shares to each Board member if such Board member does not own more than one percent (1 %) of the company’s shares on the date of the General Meeting. If the holding of a Board member on the date of the General Meeting is over one percent (1 %) of all company shares  the remuneration will be paid in full in monetary form. Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the travel expenses of the Board members will be paid based on the maximum amount specified in the grounds for payment of travel expenses ordained by the Finnish Tax Administration as valid from time to time.The number of members of the Board was set at five (5). For the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Jukka Ala-Mello  Eero Eriksson  Tommi Juusela  Mikko Koskenkorva and Tarja Pääkkönen were re-elected to the Board.For the term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy was elected as auditor. Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy has stated that Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila will serve as the chief responsible auditor.In addition  the Board was authorized to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments so that  based on the authorization  the number of the company’s own shares to be acquired may not exceed 5 200 000 in total  which corresponds to approximately 9.8 % of the company’s total amount of shares. By virtue of the authorization  the company’s own shares may be acquired using unrestricted equity only. The company’s own shares may be acquired at the prevailing market price formed in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition or otherwise at the prevailing market price. The Board will decide how the company’s own shares are to be acquired. The company’s own shares may be acquired in deviation from the proportion of ownership of the shareholders (directed acquisition). The authorization issued at the previous Annual General Meeting on February 7  2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares is cancelled by this authorization. This authorization shall be valid until August 6  2024.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board to decide on one or more share issues and option rights and the granting of other special rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The total number of shares issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed 5 200 000. By virtue of the authorization  the Board may decide on all terms and conditions for share issues and options as well as on the terms and conditions for the granting of special rights providing entitlement to shares. The authorization concerns both the issue of new shares and the selling of the company's own shares. Share issues and the provision of option rights as well as that of other rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act may take place deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right to subscription (directed issue). The authorization remains valid until August 6  2024.Immediately upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting  the company’s Board held an organizing meeting in which Jukka Ala-Mello was elected Chairman and Eero Eriksson was elected deputy Chairman.The CEO’s review presented to the Annual General Meeting by Tapio Tommila is attached to this bulletin in Finnish.Panostaja OyjTapio Tommila CEOFurther information: Tapio Tommila +358 (0)40 527 6311Attachment: The CEO’s review presented at the Annual General Meeting of Panostaja Oyj (in Finnish)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Panostaja Oyj', 'February', 'Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin', 'Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila', 'Tarja Pääkkönen', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'prevailing market price', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'chief responsible auditor', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', ""shareholders' pre-emptive right"", 'public trading', 'share issue authorization', 'The Board', 'Deloitte Oy', 'other rights', 'financial period', 'financial status', 'option rights', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'monetary form', 'travel expenses', 'maximum amount', 'Jukka Ala-Mello', 'Eero Eriksson', 'Tommi Juusela', 'Mikko Koskenkorva', 'share issues', 'total amount', 'other members', 'shareholders’ register', 'other terms', 'one percent', 'Board member', 'record date', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'total number', 'company shares', 'Decisions', 'February', 'Tampere', 'payment', 'addition', 'discretion', 'assets', 'dividends', 'capital', 'basis', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'compensation', 'holding', 'grounds', 'time', 'acquisition', 'instalments', 'virtue', 'deviation', 'proportion', 'ownership', 'August', 'granting', 'entitlement', 'Section', 'options', 'selling', 'provision', 'place', 'subscription', '4.30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17872,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603174/0/en/Panostaja-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-February-7-2023.html,Panostaja Oyj's Annual General Meeting February 7  2023,Panostaja Oyj     Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting     February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.    Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was......,English FinnishPanostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere.The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements presented for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022 and resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share be paid for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022. The dividend will be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  February 9  2023  are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on February 16  2023. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  either as dividends or as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 4 700 000. The authorization includes the right of the Board to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board and the CEO.The Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the remuneration report.The Annual General Meeting resolved that the remuneration of the Board remains unchanged and that for the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting the Chairman of the Board be paid a compensation of EUR 40 000  and that the other members of the Board be each paid a compensation of EUR 20 000. The Annual General Meeting also resolved that approximately 40 % of the remuneration remitted to the members of the Board will be paid on the basis of the share issue authorization  by issuing company shares to each Board member if such Board member does not own more than one percent (1 %) of the company’s shares on the date of the General Meeting. If the holding of a Board member on the date of the General Meeting is over one percent (1 %) of all company shares  the remuneration will be paid in full in monetary form. Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the travel expenses of the Board members will be paid based on the maximum amount specified in the grounds for payment of travel expenses ordained by the Finnish Tax Administration as valid from time to time.The number of members of the Board was set at five (5). For the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Jukka Ala-Mello  Eero Eriksson  Tommi Juusela  Mikko Koskenkorva and Tarja Pääkkönen were re-elected to the Board.For the term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy was elected as auditor. Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy has stated that Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila will serve as the chief responsible auditor.In addition  the Board was authorized to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments so that  based on the authorization  the number of the company’s own shares to be acquired may not exceed 5 200 000 in total  which corresponds to approximately 9.8 % of the company’s total amount of shares. By virtue of the authorization  the company’s own shares may be acquired using unrestricted equity only. The company’s own shares may be acquired at the prevailing market price formed in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition or otherwise at the prevailing market price. The Board will decide how the company’s own shares are to be acquired. The company’s own shares may be acquired in deviation from the proportion of ownership of the shareholders (directed acquisition). The authorization issued at the previous Annual General Meeting on February 7  2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares is cancelled by this authorization. This authorization shall be valid until August 6  2024.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board to decide on one or more share issues and option rights and the granting of other special rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The total number of shares issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed 5 200 000. By virtue of the authorization  the Board may decide on all terms and conditions for share issues and options as well as on the terms and conditions for the granting of special rights providing entitlement to shares. The authorization concerns both the issue of new shares and the selling of the company's own shares. Share issues and the provision of option rights as well as that of other rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act may take place deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right to subscription (directed issue). The authorization remains valid until August 6  2024.Immediately upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting  the company’s Board held an organizing meeting in which Jukka Ala-Mello was elected Chairman and Eero Eriksson was elected deputy Chairman.The CEO’s review presented to the Annual General Meeting by Tapio Tommila is attached to this bulletin in Finnish.Panostaja OyjTapio Tommila CEOFurther information: Tapio Tommila +358 (0)40 527 6311Attachment: The CEO’s review presented at the Annual General Meeting of Panostaja Oyj (in Finnish)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Panostaja Oyj', 'February', 'Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin', 'Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila', 'Tarja Pääkkönen', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'prevailing market price', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'chief responsible auditor', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', ""shareholders' pre-emptive right"", 'public trading', 'share issue authorization', 'The Board', 'English Finnish', 'Deloitte Oy', 'other rights', 'financial period', 'financial status', 'option rights', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'monetary form', 'travel expenses', 'maximum amount', 'Jukka Ala-Mello', 'Eero Eriksson', 'Tommi Juusela', 'Mikko Koskenkorva', 'share issues', 'total amount', 'other members', 'shareholders’ register', 'other terms', 'one percent', 'Board member', 'record date', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'total number', 'company shares', 'Decisions', 'February', 'Tampere', 'payment', 'addition', 'discretion', 'assets', 'dividends', 'capital', 'basis', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'compensation', 'holding', 'grounds', 'time', 'acquisition', 'instalments', 'virtue', 'deviation', 'proportion', 'ownership', 'August', 'granting', 'entitlement', 'Section', 'options', 'selling', 'provision', 'place', '4.30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17873,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/eQ-Oyj-Plc-Notice-of-the-AGM-2023-42916561/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,eQ Oyj : Plc - Notice of the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023   Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House's Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsin…,"Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House's Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue. The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM. We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting. Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM. A. Matters on the agenda of the AGM At the AGM  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022 - Presentation of the review by the CEO The annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company's website www.eq.fi. Adoption of the annual accounts Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund The distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of theeQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment. After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January - 31 December 2022 Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies The Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetno later than 3 March 2023. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors. 13. Election of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc. 15. Election of auditor The Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.eQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM. The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company's incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act. The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months. 17. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection. The new Articles of Association in their entirety: The Articles of Association 1 § Business name and domicile The name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki. 2 § Field of activity The company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations. 3 § Book-entry system The Company's shares are included in the book-entry system for securities. 4 § Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's administration and appropriate organisation of the company's operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.eQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO) The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors. 6 § Right of representation The company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors. 7 § Auditor The General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election. 8 § Financial period The accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venue Notice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting. The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting. 10 § Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors. The Meeting shall review: the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report; the Auditors' Report; decide on: the approval of the financial statements; the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet; discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability; the number of members on the Board of Directors; the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor; elect: the members of the Board of Directors  and the auditor. 18. Closing of the meeting",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.46,0.42,0.12,True,English,"['eQ Oyj', 'Plc', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'Annual General Meeting', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'annual accounts Resolution', 'The Remuneration Report', 'eQ Plc Notice', 'AGM 2023 financial year', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc.', 'financial period', 'financial position', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', ""auditors' report"", 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'essential changes', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'The AGM', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'outstanding shares', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Directors Shareholders', 'Board members', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'compos', '5:00', '4:30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17874,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/eQ-Oyj-Plc-Agenda-of-the-AGM-2023-42916560/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,eQ Oyj : Plc - Agenda of the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Matters on the agenda of the AGM 27 March 2023   At the AGM  the following matters will be considered:    Opening of the meeting   Calling the meeting to order   Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons t…,Matters on the agenda of the AGM 27 March 2023 At the AGM  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022 - Presentation of the review by the CEO The annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company's website www.eq.fi. Adoption of the annual accounts Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund The distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment. After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January - 31 December 2022 Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies The Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetno later than 3 March 2023.eQ Plc Agenda of the AGM 2023 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors. 13. Election of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc. 15. Election of auditor The Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA. 16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM. The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company's incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act. The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.eQ Plc Agenda of the AGM 2023 17. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection. The new Articles of Association in their entirety: The Articles of Association 1 § Business name and domicile The name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki. 2 § Field of activity The company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations. 3 § Book-entry system The Company's shares are included in the book-entry system for securities. 4 § Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's administration and appropriate organisation of the company's operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election. 5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO) The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors. 6 § Right of representation The company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors. 7 § Auditor The General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election. 8 § Financial period The accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venue Notice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['eQ Oyj', 'Plc', 'Agenda', 'AGM', 'Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'stock exchange release', 'Tomas von Rettig', ""Member candidates' resumes"", 'unrestricted equity fund', 'annual accounts Resolution', 'eQ Plc Agenda', 'The Remuneration Report', 'current Board members', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc.', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Timo Kokkila', 'Lotta Kopra', 'Janne Larma', 'independence assessments', 'main responsibility', 'Tuomas Ilveskoski', ""auditors' report"", 'The Board', 'financial year', 'outstanding shares', 'following matters', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'Board meeting', 'parent company', 'Directors Shareholders', 'AGM', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'composition', 'term', 'office', 'nominees', 'consent', 'invoice', 'APA', 'Authorising']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17877,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,nan,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,Unknown
17878,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Jbu3LCGpib', 'Jbu3LCGpib']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,Unknown
17879,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,nan,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk', 'Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk']",2023-02-06,2023-02-08,Unknown
17880,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,nan,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt', 'capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt']",2023-02-06,2023-02-08,Unknown
17881,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,nan,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR', 'Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR']",2023-02-04,2023-02-08,Unknown
17882,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,nan,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear', 'international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-03,2023-02-08,Unknown
17883,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"""Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation On Promoting Contemporary Photography - Anne-Marie Beckmann… https://t.co/Ca611aOyqn",nan,"""Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation On Promoting Contemporary Photography - Anne-Marie Beckmann… https://t.co/Ca611aOyqn",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Contemporary Photography', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'Director', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Contemporary Photography', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'Director']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,Unknown
17884,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/y9xdroddoQ,nan,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/y9xdroddoQ,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany']",2023-02-04,2023-02-08,Unknown
17885,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/ebD2LD0Xtd,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/ebD2LD0Xtd,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'ebD2LD0Xtd', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'ebD2LD0Xtd']",2023-02-04,2023-02-08,Unknown
17886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-net-sales-december-31-063000686.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,Ecully  February 7  2023 NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life...,PCASEcully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.Story continuesOutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.07,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'sharp increase', 'positive results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '2022 results', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Story', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signing-250-million-euros-syndicated-171000445.html,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros Voltalia...,"VoltaliaSigning of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Story continuesOccupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.12,0.1,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech 40', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'financial objectives', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'European small', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Voltalia', 'Signing', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'Sustainability-Linked', 'Story', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/drop-box-facilitates-returns-parcel-070000333.html,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology The new Drop Box and...,QUADIENTNew Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.Story continues“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.13,0.05,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'The Delivery Conference', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'long-standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Visit Quadient', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'Story', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602625/0/en/Stellantis-Announces-Changes-to-Euronext-Trading-Symbols.html,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols  AMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges......,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsAMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of Stellantis common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STLAM.’ For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STLAP.’Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STLA’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STLA’ trading symbol', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'MTA) listing', 'same environment', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'Monday', 'Feb.', 'Milan', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'migration', 'NYSE', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-creative-studios-strengthening-management-071300187.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness update...,"Technicolor Creative StudiosCORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Story continuesAnnouncing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.18,0.03,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'demonstrated track record', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'global customer-focused company', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Global Head', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'six years', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'Story', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-n-v-forfarmers-uk-060000792.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,Lochem  7 February 2023 ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans Following the press release of 9 January 2023...,"ForFarmers N.V.Lochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Story continuesForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.28,0.16,0.56,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'legal proceedings', 'actual results', 'future results', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'improvements', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'Story', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602595/0/en/PCAS-NET-SALES-AS-OF-DECEMBER-31-2022.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,Ecully  February 7  2023  NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022  PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules...,English FrenchEcully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.OutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.08,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'sharp increase', 'positive results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '2022 results', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603074/0/en/ASM-ANNOUNCES-DETAILS-OF-THE-Q4-2022-CONFERENCE-CALL-AND-WEBCAST.html,ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS OF THE Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST,Almere  The Netherlands February 7  2023  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at......,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 7  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday February 28  2023.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  March 1  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at https://www.asm.com/investors/webcasts-presentations/2022/fourth-quarter-earnings .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.07,0.2,0.73,True,English,"['ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS', 'Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL', 'THE', 'WEBCAST', 'fourth quarter 2022 financial results', 'quarterly earnings conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Conference call participants', 'simultaneous audio webcast', 'actual results', 'financial statements', 'personal PIN', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'Tuesday February', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'link', 'numbers', 'passcode', 'replay', 'investors/webcasts-presentations', 'fourth-quarter-earnings', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'CONTACT', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603353/0/en/JCDecaux-appoints-Elina-Valtia-as-the-new-CEO-in-Finland.html,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland  Paris  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor...,English FrenchJCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in FinlandParis  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finland starting from 1st April 2023. She will report in her role to Jean-François Decaux.Elina Valtia has more than 20 years of experience within the media industry. She is moving to JCDecaux from Warner Bros. Discovery Finland  where she has led the ad sales department for the past nine years. In the recent years she has also been the Country Lead of Warner Bros. Discovery Finland and a member of the Nordic management team. During her time at Warner Bros. Discovery  Elina has led the ad sales of streaming service discovery+ and several linear TV channels including the broadcast of the Olympic Games 2018 – 2022. Diversity  equity and inclusion are close to Elina’s heart  and on top of other roles she also acted as the DEI Lead in the Nordics during the merger of Warner Media and Discovery. Elina’s passion is btob sales  and before her career in TV  she has had long employments both in Clear Channel’s and JCDecaux’s ad sales organizations. During her previous tenure in JCDecaux Finland 2007-2014 she acted as a sales team lead.Elina Valtia said: “I feel like I’m coming home. JCDecaux is the absolute outdoor market leader in the world. The opportunities with the new data-led audience targeting and programmatic solutions are incredible. Being able to locally lead a company with such a great brand is an honor and I’m looking very much forward to working with the team.”Jean-François Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux said: “I am extremely excited to have Elina joining the company. She is a highly talented and experienced media executive with a great track record of driving growth. Her reputation as a strong leader is widely acknowledged and I’m thrilled to welcome Elina back.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  Linkedin  Facebook  Instagram and Youtube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Elina Valtia', 'new CEO', 'JCDecaux', 'Finland', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'several linear TV channels', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'new data-led audience targeting', 'absolute outdoor market leader', 'Warner Bros. Discovery Finland', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'streaming service discovery', 'Co-Chief Executive Officer', 'Platinum Medal status', 'experienced media executive', 'great track record', 'Nordic management team', 'ad sales organizations', 'past nine years', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'ad sales department', 'sales team lead', 'Warner Media', 'daily audience', 'new CEO', 'media industry', 'btob sales', 'great brand', 'Communications Department', 'Country Lead', 'DEI Lead', 'strong leader', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'English French', '1st April', 'recent years', 'Olympic Games', 'other roles', 'long employments', 'Clear Channel', 'previous tenure', 'programmatic solutions', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '1st Out', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux Finland', 'Elina Valtia', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', '20 years', '7 February', 'number', 'member', 'time', 'broadcast', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'heart', 'top', 'Nordics', 'merger', 'passion', 'career', 'world', 'opportunities', 'honor', 'talented', 'growth', 'reputation', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnh-industrial-n-v-nyse-194905410.html,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023 Operator: Good day  and welcome to today’s CNH Conference Call and Webcast....,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023Operator: Good day  and welcome to today's CNH Conference Call and Webcast. At this time  I'll hand the call over to Jason Omerza. Please go ahead.Jason Omerza: Thank you  Serge. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. We would like to welcome you to the webcast and conference call for CNH Industrial's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results for the period ending December 31  2022. This call is being broadcast live on our Web site  and is copyrighted by CNH Industrial. Any other use  recording or transmission of any portion of this broadcast without the expressed written consent of CNH Industrial is strictly prohibited. Hosting today's call are CNH Industrial's CEO  Scott Wine; and CFO  Oddone Incisa. They will use the material available for download from the CNH Industrial Web site. Please note that any forward-looking statements that we might be making during today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties mentioned in the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation material.Additional information pertaining to the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent report 20-F and EU annual report  as well as other periodic reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  and the equivalent authorities in the Netherlands and Italy. The company presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information  including reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures  is included in the presentation material. I will now turn the call over to Scott.Scott Wine: Thank you  Jason. And thanks  everyone  for joining our call. We finished 2022 with solid results as fourth quarter revenues were up over 27%  driving full-year consolidated revenues up 21%. Deliveries and product mix improved in both Agriculture and Construction. Our strength was broad-based  with double-digit year-over-year price realization coming from all regions. We expanded profit margins in both Agriculture and Construction despite significant input cost increases. The industry faced many other headwinds during the year  including a choppy supply chain  elevated freight costs  and ongoing inflation. Late in the year  these issues began to modestly improve. And we anticipate that will continue into 2023. The CNH team's creativity  hard work  and strong execution resulted in company records for both adjusted net income  up $2 billion for the year  and adjusted earnings per share  at $1.46  up 14% over 2021.Story continuesWe also generated $2 billion in free cash flow from industrial activities in the fourth quarter and $1.6 billion for the full-year as we over-delivered on our plans to complete and ship our accumulation of partially built units. This benefited our dealers and put us in a net cash position well ahead of our plan. Last year  we launched two potent margin improvement initiatives  the Strategic Sourcing Program  and the CNHI Business System  which we refer to as CBS. Continuous improvement is hard  especially in pursuit of breakthrough results. But our team has embraced this lean mindset  and is poised to deliver value across the business. Looking ahead  we remain focused on executing our strategy  including significant investments in out tech stack and product development.Derek Neilson and his team continue to drive exceptional performance  delivering a strong fourth quarter  with full-year net sales for the AG business up 22%. This growth was largely propelled by robust industry demand and significant year-over-year price realization  especially in North and South America. We saw improved product mix  including Precision AG revenues up 32%  which benefited from both an increased take rate for factor-fit precision options and incremental rate in sales. AG profitability remained healthy  with Q4 gross margins up 280 basis points  and adjusted EBIT margin up 310 points admittedly against an easy comp. Margins were down sequentially versus our record third quarter performance impacted by regional mix and the non-standard work required to finished units.Overall  I'm extremely pleased with the AG team's performance and results. For 2022  AG adjusted EBIT was nearly $2.5 billion  marking our highest profit in more than a decade. We are executing on our customer-centric strategy and customers have responded with continued demand for our high-end products at prices offsetting increased escalated production cost. They have also recognized us with improved net promoter scores  5% higher than in 2021. Derek and his team are ensuring that customer is at the center of all we do  driving the right behaviors and results. Stefano Pampalone and his Construction team executed quite well in the fourth quarter with strong momentum from Sampierana integration  manufacturing improvements  and enhanced customer focus; we expect even better progress in 2023  and beyond.2022 net sales were up 16% for both the full-year and the fourth quarter  with noteworthy growth in Europe and South America. Organic growth accounted for about two-thirds of the increase in the remainder  with the remainder attributed to Sampierana. Their excavator portfolio and technology innovations have enhanced our ability to meet customer needs  and their Eurocomach platforms provide an outstanding foundation for electrification. Construction adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $34 million at a 3.5% margin. Full-year adjusted EBIT was up 38%  to $124 million. And we are encouraged by the ongoing progress in Construction. The team is well-positioned to deliver on their strategic initiatives  support their dealers and customers  and gain market share.This past December  we held an engaging Tech Day to showcase our extensive suite of precision AG technology. Attendees met our deep team of experts in automation  autonomy  and connected platforms to better understand the cutting edge products we are developing. Through a series of live demo stations  the team exhibited the real world applications of our groundbreaking . The products and technology that we demonstrated at Tech Day that you see here on this page and those we will be releasing over the next few years  prove our commitment to being a leader in precision agriculture. We reiterate our expectation to deliver over $1 billion of Precision AG sales in 2023. I also want to highlight two recent investments made through our CNH Industrial Ventures arm.Stout Industrial Technology is a U.S.-based startup focused on AI-powered smart agriculture implements. EarthOptics has proprietary sensor technology that precisely measures soil health and structure. By taking minority stakes in these and similar companies through our Ventures portfolio  CNH is staying on the cutting edge of emerging technology to develop solutions to provide real advantages for customers. CHN remains committed to adding value and creating profitable growth for its customers and shareholders through sustainability. We have a strong history of sustainability performance as evidenced by our recognitions and our innovative products  including the New Holland methane tractor and electric mini excavator pictured here. In 2022  we pledged to set science-based targets that will enhance our operation's Scope 1 and 2 emissions goals  and establish a first-time decarbonization goals related to our products  which we'll announce later this year.With that  I will turn it over to Oddone to take you through our financial results. Oddone?Oddone Incisa: Yes  thank you  Scott  and good morning  good afternoon to everyone on the call. So  fourth quarter net sales from Industrial Activities  of nearly $6.4 billion  were up over 27% net of adverse FX impacts. Full-year net sales of Industrial Activities  of $21.5 billion  were up 21% or over 24% at constant currency. Continued price adjustments were significant drivers for the top line growth in the quarter  and volume and mix also accounted for around 15% sales increase from Q4  2021. Our Industrial segment's fourth quarter gross margin was 21.7%  and 22.2% for the full-year. The year-over-year margin improvement  of 1.5 points  is mainly due to strong and profitable growth in South America  and disciplined price realization globally  which more than offset rising productions cost.Q4 adjusted EBIT came in at $680 million  up $302 million from 2021  with a corresponding EBIT margin of 10.7%  a 310 business points improvement versus prior year. Full-year adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities was $2.4 billion with a margin of 11.3%  up 140 basis points from 2021. Free cash flow from Industrial Activities was $1.6 billion in 2022  which turned our initial Industrial Activities net debt into a net cash position of $362 million at the end of the year  as Scott discussed in his introductory slide. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $486 million  up $61 million compared to prior year. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $0.36  up $0.05 year-over-year  and full-year adjusted EPS was $1.46. Adjusted net income for the quarter was affected by a higher tax rate due to discreet items booked in Q4.The full-year adjusted effective tax rate was about 28% mainly due to the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax profit with higher rates coming from South America. And we will likely see the tax rate a point or two lower in 2023. Available liquidity  as of December 31  was $10.6 billion. And at the Annual General Meeting  the Board of CNH Industrial is planning to recommend an annual cash dividend of $0.36 per common share  totaling a little over $500 million in distribution to shareholders. In the fourth quarter  strong volumes and double-digit price realization continued to shield us from the steep increase in production costs. R&D and our SG&A expenses were higher by technology investments  inflation  and newly acquired businesses. Energy costs increased year-over-year but still accounted for about half-a-percent of our total costs worldwide.Agriculture adjusted EBIT increased by $287 million  to reach $701 million with a margin of 13.1%  up more than 300 basis points from the same quarter in 2021. The higher profits were driven by higher volumes and favorable pricing  which offset higher products cost  SG&A  and R&D expenses. Gross profit was up $394 million compared to Q4 2021  exceeding $1.2 billion with a margin of 13.1%. For the full-year  gross profit was up $989 million or up 140 basis points from 2021 largely driven by strong price realization coming from all regions and better product mix  including margin-rich technology-related sales growing by about 32%. Construction Equipment adjusted EBIT for Q4 increased by $14 million compared to Q4 2021  reaching $34 million with a margin of 3.5%.Industry  Tractors  ProductPhoto by Museums Victoria on UnsplashThese results were driven by favorable volume and positive price realization. But product cost  including site-related costs  were an outsized headwind for the business. Gross profit across the year was up $82 million compared to the full-year 2021  mainly due to higher volumes and stronger pricing. For our financial service business  net income in the fourth quarter was $75 million  down $50 million compared to 2021. Factors include high risk cost  provisions linked to the termination of the construction business in China  increased labor cost  and compressed margin in North America slightly mitigated by robust volumes across the region as well high recovery on those agreements. Retail originations were $2.9 billion in the quarter reaching $10 billion for the year  up to $100 million from 2021.The managed portfolio at the end of 2022 was $23.8 billion  up $4 billion on a constant currency basis. Delinquencies remained at a low level  up 10 basis points year-over-year to 1.3%. Increase from December 2021 is explained by the in-sourcing of the resolving credit account portfolio that was purchased in October 2022. CNH Industrial Capital America acquired receivables previously held by CD on a private label program that will now be run and booked by our company. Free cash flow from industrial activities in the quarter was over $2 billion on the back of $1.5 billion change in working capital driven in large part by the reduction in manufacturing inventory as we mentioned before. At the end of the year  the total gross debt for industrial activity was $5 billion with a net cash position of $362 million.So  within the first year of the spin-off  we were able to improve our net financial position by $1.5 billion on the back of the cash generated by the operations. This takes to our capital allocation priorities. And we have target spending $4.4 billion in combing R&D and CapEx over the 2022 - 2024 plan period  almost doubling what we were spending in the previous three years. In 2022  we spent the first $1.3 billion of that. And we remain committed to invest in our business to fuel profitable growth. We are confident the product and service we would bring to the market with the spending will ensure higher financial performance in the near future  and more importantly  higher efficiencies to our customers. Strong cash generation helps us maintaining our investment grade rating which has been re-affirmed or improved by all the rating agencies after the spin-off.We returned nearly $600 million to shareholders in 2022 through dividend and share repurchases. And as mentioned earlier  we proposed -- the proposed 2023 dividend itself will total above $500 million. And we plan continuing our share buyback program. We have the liquidity to funding organic growth and you are seeing use the ventures on for minority investments when opportunity arises. We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy and focus on maximizing value for our shareholders. This concludes my prepared remarks. And I will now turn it back to Scott.Scott Wine: Thank you  Oddone. Overall  demand continues to outstrip the industry's ability to supply at least in the near term  which despite record sales has actually dampened the industry levels. Spot commodity prices are trending down. But they are still generally above pre-2022 levels. And fortunately for farmers  fertilizers and other input cost are dropping as well. In North America  elevated farm incomes are sustaining demand for high horsepower tractors and combines. While small tractor demands has slowed from a lofty level seen over the past two years. We see the European Ag industry flattening as the macro-environment starts to impact equipment demand there. South America and Brazil in particular is a very good market for us.The business conditions in Brazil are inflexed following a presidential election. But we believe that the fundamentals are still positive for agriculture in the region. We also see good long-term opportunities in APAC. But this year will likely be slightly down. In construction  global demand is trending is lower. And we expect residential and commercial markets in North America and Europe to decline in 2023 due to rising interest rates. However  public construction spending at least partially fills in those gaps in United States. In Europe and South America  construction markets will be down in reaction to the overall macro-environment. We expect net sales of industrial activities to increase 6% to 10%. With confidence in the stickiness of our 2022 price increases  we expect to build on our margin gains by taking more cost out of our system.We are committed to growing market share. And we have the products  brands  and dealer network to do just that. Returning to full production in our North American plants will also help. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales remains one of the lowest in the industry. And despite inflationary pressures  we will severely limit SG&A growth. Free cash flow will be between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion. A little lower than last year as we have earmarked $1.6 billion for R&D and CapEx  up about $300 million from 2022. Even accounting for the increased R&D cost  our EBIT is projected to grow slightly faster than our top line. We are becoming a simpler  leaner company every day. And expect to modestly improve our industrial margins throughout the year. Earlier today  we announced that our Board of Directors has determined that our shareholders would be best served by a single listing in United States.The majority of our trading in CNH Industrial stock has been shifting to the New York Stock Exchange since the snip-off of Iveco Group. Revealing that CNH's new business profile and investor base better fit with the single New York Stock Exchange listing. Concentrating trading in one market will allow for increased liquidity of our stock  improve investor focus  further simplify the company's profile  enable broader index inclusion  and attract more passive investors. The current Italian regulations only permit the delisting of stocks when they are or will be listed on another EU exchange. By definition  the stock exchange does not qualify. CNH Industrial has an open dialog with Borsa Italiana on Euronext. And we told them about of our intention to leave the European listing.The harmonization and modernization of the Italian financial system  which is underway  is expected to include the New York Stock Exchange as an acceptable exchange. This is our preferred path for smooth delisting from Euronext Milan. But not the only option if this becomes untimely. We are targeting sole trading on NYSE by the end of 2023. But that could shift into 2024 depending on the timing of the regulation change. Rest assured  we will delist it soon as it is legally possible. At this point  we do not intend to change our incorporation in the Netherlands or our tax domicile in U.K. as part of the single listing. Therefore  we do not expect any material tax or trading consequences for our shareholders. Our Board of Directors and management team are grateful to Euronext Milan for being our listing venue for the past 10 years  and excited about the company's full return to the NYSE.I want to stress that this does not change the company's longstanding commitment to Italy and the Italian market. CNH employees over 5000 people in Italy made a significant investment with Sampierana acquisition in late 2021  opened its fifth plant in the country in 2022. We also have three R&D centers in Italy developing products that are sold around the world. While the delisting is another step in corporate simplification  real value creation comes from the business. We are now taking orders into Q4 in some markets. And overall demand remained strong. But the uncertain macro-environment  especially toward the end of 2023 requires vigilance as we strive to support our customers  dealers  suppliers  and employees. We expect to escalate combine CapEx and R&D investment as we launch exciting new products and build out the tech stack.We have already introduced some Raven-enabled products  and we will unveil more in 2023. But the real payoff for these higher margin precision solution kicks in 2024. We are happy to have finally secured a contract with UAW North America. The agreement we reached is fair for our employees and sustainable for the company. Employees returned to work this week. And we expect the two affected plants to ramp up to full production in the coming months. While the pace of inflation is slowing  it is still inflation. And we expect it to have an impact on our manufacturing  energy  SG&A  and R&D cost in 2023. On a more positive note  we are seeing modest supply chain improvements. Our primary margin improvement initiative  strategic sourcing  and CBS will start to yield results in 2023.I want to close by emphasizing again how proud I am of the team for what they have accomplished. And ensure you that we are ready to do even more in 2023. That concludes our prepared remarks. And I will now turn call over to Serge to open the line for questions.See also 20 Least Populated States in America and 13 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy.To continue reading the Q&A session  please click here.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.11,0.15,True,English,"['CNH Industrial N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'CNHI', 'comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures', 'two potent margin improvement initiatives', 'significant input cost increases', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'record third quarter performance', 'U.S. Securities', 'CNH Industrial Web site', 'escalated production cost', 'Safe Harbor statement', 'choppy supply chain', 'free cash flow', 'Strategic Sourcing Program', 'factor-fit precision options', 'other periodic reports', 'many other headwinds', 'net cash position', 'net promoter scores', 'EU annual report', 'full-year consolidated revenues', 'Precision AG revenues', 'Q4 gross margins', 'fourth quarter revenues', 'year price realization', 'robust industry demand', 'The CNH team', 'strong fourth quarter', 'CNHI Business System', 'CNH Conference Call', 'full-year net sales', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'Continuous improvement', 'EBIT margin', 'other use', 'significant investments', 'net income', '2022 net sales', 'industrial activities', 'significant year', 'recent report', 'continued demand', 'strong execution', 'exceptional performance', 'strong momentum', 'written consent', 'Oddone Incisa', 'looking statements', 'Additional information', 'Exchange Commission', 'equivalent authorities', 'product mix', 'profit margins', 'freight costs', 'ongoing inflation', 'hard work', 'lean mindset', 'product development', 'AG business', 'South America', 'take rate', 'incremental rate', 'AG profitability', 'easy comp', 'regional mix', 'standard work', 'highest profit', 'a decade', 'high-end products', 'right behaviors', 'Stefano Pampalone', 'Sampierana integration', 'manufacturing improvements', 'double-digit year', 'Jason Omerza', 'Good morning', 'good afternoon', 'Full-Year Results', 'Scott Wine', 'presentation material', 'actual results', 'company presentation', 'solid results', 'company records', 'breakthrough results', 'AG team', 'Derek Neilson', 'customer-centric strategy', 'customer focus', 'Construction team', 'February', 'Operator', 'today', 'Webcast', 'time', 'Serge', 'everyone', 'December', 'recording', 'transmission', 'portion', 'broadcast', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'download', 'forward', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'factors', '20-F', 'filings', 'Netherlands', 'Italy', 'reconciliations', 'Deliveries', 'Agriculture', 'strength', 'regions', 'issues', 'creativity', 'share', 'Story', 'plans', 'units', 'dealers', 'CBS', 'pursuit', 'value', 'stack', 'growth', 'North', 'customers', 'prices', 'center', 'progress']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACOMO-N-V-6375/news/ACOMO-N-summoned-by-supplier-42921901/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,ACOMO N : summoned by supplier,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ACOMO SUBSIDIARY HAS BEEN SUMMONED BY SUPPLIER IN RELATION TO TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND CONTESTS CLAIM   ROTTERDAM   07 FEBRUARY 2023   Today  ACOMO N.V.   the Euronext Amsterdam-listed natural food…,PRESS RELEASEACOMO SUBSIDIARY HAS BEEN SUMMONED BY SUPPLIER IN RELATION TO TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND CONTESTS CLAIMROTTERDAM (NL)  07 FEBRUARY 2023Today  ACOMO N.V. ('Acomo')  the Euronext Amsterdam-listed natural food products and ingredients Group  announces that a claim has been filed with the Dutch court against Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V.  one of its subsidiaries. The supplier is seeking damages in relation to a terminated business for the supply of organic products.Based upon thorough legal analysis and advice obtained by Acomo  it does not believe the claim has merit. Acomo strongly contests all allegations and will respond in court. The total claim amounts to approximately EUR 55 million.The legal proceedings are not expected to affect the Group's day-to-day operations.This press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014).[ends]Note to the editorsFor further information  please contact:ACOMO N.V. Creative Venue PR Mrs K.L. Fortmann Mr F.J.M. Witte  spokesperson WTC  Beursplein 37 Sophialaan 43 3011 AA Rotterdam 1075 BM Amsterdam The Netherlands The Netherlands info@acomo.nl f.witte@creativevenue.nl Tel. +31 10 4051195 Tel. +31 20 4525225 www.acomo.nl www.creativevenue.nl,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.17,0.68,True,English,"['ACOMO N', 'supplier', 'Mr F.J.M. Witte', 'Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V.', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'Mrs K.L. Fortmann', 'Creative Venue PR', 'natural food products', 'thorough legal analysis', 'ACOMO N.V.', 'TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP', 'organic products', 'legal proceedings', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'day operations', '1075 BM Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'CONTESTS CLAIM', 'ingredients Group', 'Dutch court', 'total claim', '3011 AA Rotterdam', 'SUBSIDIARY', 'SUPPLIER', 'NL', '07 FEBRUARY', 'subsidiaries', 'damages', 'supply', 'advice', 'merit', 'allegations', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Note', 'editors', 'spokesperson', 'WTC', 'Beursplein', 'Sophialaan', 'creativevenue']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-appoints-Elina-Valtia-as-the-new-CEO-in-Finland-42921419/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland Paris  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finl…,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in FinlandParis  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finland starting from 1st April 2023. She will report in her role to Jean-François Decaux.Elina Valtia has more than 20 years of experience within the media industry. She is moving to JCDecaux from Warner Bros. Discovery Finland  where she has led the ad sales department for the past nine years. In the recent years she has also been the Country Lead of Warner Bros. Discovery Finland and a member of the Nordic management team. During her time at Warner Bros. Discovery  Elina has led the ad sales of streaming service discovery+ and several linear TV channels including the broadcast of the Olympic Games 2018 – 2022. Diversity  equity and inclusion are close to Elina’s heart  and on top of other roles she also acted as the DEI Lead in the Nordics during the merger of Warner Media and Discovery. Elina’s passion is btob sales  and before her career in TV  she has had long employments both in Clear Channel’s and JCDecaux’s ad sales organizations. During her previous tenure in JCDecaux Finland 2007-2014 she acted as a sales team lead.Elina Valtia said: “I feel like I’m coming home. JCDecaux is the absolute outdoor market leader in the world. The opportunities with the new data-led audience targeting and programmatic solutions are incredible. Being able to locally lead a company with such a great brand is an honor and I’m looking very much forward to working with the team.”Jean-François Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux said: “I am extremely excited to have Elina joining the company. She is a highly talented and experienced media executive with a great track record of driving growth. Her reputation as a strong leader is widely acknowledged and I’m thrilled to welcome Elina back.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  Linkedin  Facebook  Instagram and Youtube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Elina Valtia', 'new CEO', 'JCDecaux', 'Finland', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'several linear TV channels', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'new data-led audience targeting', 'absolute outdoor market leader', 'Warner Bros. Discovery Finland', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'streaming service discovery', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Platinum Medal status', 'experienced media executive', 'great track record', 'Nordic management team', 'ad sales organizations', 'past nine years', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'ad sales department', 'sales team lead', 'Warner Media', 'daily audience', 'new CEO', 'media industry', 'btob sales', 'great brand', 'Communications Department', 'Country Lead', 'DEI Lead', 'strong leader', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', '1st April', 'recent years', 'Olympic Games', 'other roles', 'long employments', 'Clear Channel', 'previous tenure', 'programmatic solutions', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux Finland', 'Elina Valtia', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', '20 years', '7 February', 'number', 'member', 'time', 'broadcast', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'heart', 'top', 'Nordics', 'merger', 'passion', 'career', 'world', 'opportunities', 'honor', 'talented', 'growth', 'reputation', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENTILI-MOSCONI-S-P-A-149906006/news/Gentili-Mosconi-lands-on-Piazza-Affari-after-EUR20-million-IPO-42921262/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Gentili Mosconi lands on Piazza Affari after EUR20 million IPO,(marketscreener.com) Gentili Mosconi Spa is the third SME to list on the Italian Stock Exchange since the beginning of the year  making its debut on Thursday  bringing the number of companies listed on Euronext Growth Milan to 193. During the placement  the c…,"(Alliance News) - Gentili Mosconi Spa is the third SME to list on the Italian Stock Exchange since the beginning of the year  making its debut on Thursday  bringing the number of companies listed on Euronext Growth Milan to 193.During the placement  the company active in the luxury fashion market that offers design  transformation  printing and customization services for natural fabrics such as silk  cashmere and wools raised EUR20 million  which would rise to EUR23 million if the over-allotment is exercised.The free float at admission is 21.1 percent and the market capitalization is EUR71.2 million.Francesco Gentili  president and CEO of Gentili Mosconi  said  ""We are proud to present Gentili Mosconi to the financial community  sharing this important milestone that represents the fruit of the commitment and dedication that have characterized our work every day for more than 30 years. We are convinced that the listing on Euronext Growth Milan represents a further step toward a future of growth and corporate prosperity that we wish to share with all our employees  customers and investors  who have believed in us and share our passion for beauty  creativity and quality  to whom we extend our heartfelt thanks.""""Gentili Mosconi's commitment to the sustainability of its production processes and respect for people and the environment will receive further stimuli from the daily confrontation with other entrepreneurial realities that share with us the same path of transparency; a path we have committed to pursue since the publication of the first sustainability report in 2020.""Gentili Mosconi's stock is up 2.1 percent at EUR3.8285 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['EUR20 million IPO', 'Gentili Mosconi', 'Piazza Affari', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'other entrepreneurial realities', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'luxury fashion market', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'first sustainability report', 'Gentili Mosconi Spa', 'market capitalization', 'Francesco Gentili', 'third SME', 'customization services', 'natural fabrics', 'free float', 'financial community', 'important milestone', 'corporate prosperity', 'production processes', 'daily confrontation', 'same path', 'beginning', 'year', 'debut', 'Thursday', 'number', 'companies', 'placement', 'company', 'design', 'transformation', 'printing', 'silk', 'cashmere', 'wools', 'allotment', '21.1 percent', 'president', 'CEO', 'fruit', 'commitment', 'dedication', 'work', 'listing', 'step', 'future', 'employees', 'customers', 'investors', 'passion', 'beauty', 'creativity', 'quality', 'heartfelt', 'respect', 'people', 'environment', 'stimuli', 'transparency', 'publication', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-Weekly-report-of-share-buyback-February-7-2023-42921618/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023 07-Feb-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this an…,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  202307-Feb-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.GEVELOT Société Anonyme au capital de 26 932 500 euros Siège Social : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE _________________________ Levallois  le 7 février 2023 Déclaration hebdomadaire des transactions sur actions propres du 30 janvier au 6 février 2023 (ISIN : FR0000033888) Nom de l'émetteur Code Identifiant de l'émetteur Jour de la transaction Code identifiant de l'instrument financier Volume total journalier (en nombre d'actions) Prix pondéré moyen journalier d'acquisition des actions Marché GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 01/02/2023 FR0000033888 1 190 0000 XPAR Ces transactions n’ont pas donné lieu à l’utilisation d’instruments dérivés. Dépôt : Site internet Gévelot ; Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['GEVELOT S.A.', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF file File', '26 932 500 euros Siège Social', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'GEVELOT Société Anonyme', 'instruments dérivés', 'French Regulatory News', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'Dépôt', 'instrument financier Volume', 'émetteur Code Identifiant', 'Déclaration', 'Marché GEVELOT', 'transaction Code', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'EQS Group', '6, boulevard Bineau', '7 février', '6 février', 'Site internet', 'Gévelot', 'moyen journalier', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'capital', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', 'transactions', '30 janvier', 'Nom', 'Prix', 'acquisition', 'lieu', 'utilisation']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-2022-TURNOVER-EUR-792-9-MILLION-42921648/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Herige :  2022 TURNOVER: EUR 792.9 MILLION,(marketscreener.com)  €792.9 million in turnover in 2022  up 11.4%€ million – GAAPTurnover20222021Change %   CurrentLike-for-like1st quarter193.8175.6+10.3%+9.7%2nd quarter219.2199.2+10.0%+7.7%3rd...https://www.marketscreener…,"€792.9 million in turnover in 2022  up 11.4%€ million – GAAPTurnover 2022(1) 2021 Change % Current Like-for-like(2) 1st quarter 193.8 175.6 +10.3% +9.7% 2nd quarter 219.2 199.2 +10.0% +7.7% 3rd quarter 173.7 158.7 +9.4% +6.6% 4th quarter 206.3 178.5 +15.6% +9.1% TOTAL 792.9 712.0 11.4% 8.3% Building Materials Trading 423.2 393.2 +7.6% +7.6% Concrete Industry 138.9 128.1 +8.4% +2.0% Industrial Joinery 201.7 165.7 +21.7% +13.6% Other 62.7 53.2 +17.7% +17.7% Inter-segment eliminations -33.5 -28.2 - -(1) Unaudited figures.(2) Restated for the Vitrolles site (formerly Activence)  MGT and Poralu in Industrial Joinery and for Audoin et Fils in Concrete Industry.Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGE Group  said: ""HERIGE's performance in 2022 reflects the importance of its position in the markets  despite the high 2021 comparison basis. In a complex economic context  the Group recorded solid growth in turnover  both in its industrial and materials trading businesses. In 2022  we also accelerated our selective acquisitions strategy to support profitable and sustainable growth by building a range of solutions for more energy-efficient housing. In 2023  in a market environment that remains uncertain  the Group will continue to rely on its know-how  as well as its optimized organization and management model  to meet energy and decarbonization challenges.”Q4 growth of 15.6% (9.1% like-for-like)In the wake of the previous quarter  HERIGE's good business dynamic continued in the fourth quarter  despite the unfavorable economic situation. The Group's three businesses contributed to growth  which came in at 15.6% (9.1% like-for-like) for turnover of €206.3 million. This growth was bolstered by a favorable price effect  due to performance initiatives  as well as a favorable volume/product mix effect.Industrial Joinery expanded by 36.7% (16.8% like-for-like). The business continued to report strong demand in distribution channels for energy renovation  wood and the AM-X product. It also benefited from the latest acquisitions: MGT and Poralu.Building Materials Trading was up 6.5% compared with the same period in 2021  driven by good momentum in Structural Works  joinery and Public Works  as well as showroom and self-service rollouts.Concrete Industry  with 11.4% growth (1.2% like-for-like)  benefited from the integration of ready-mix concrete plants in the Aquitaine region (Audoin & Fils) and from good momentum in precast concrete.Overall  HERIGE recorded a turnover of €792.9 million in 2022  up 11.4% (8.3% like-for-like)  thanks to its responsiveness and ability to anticipate inflation.Outlook and developmentsIn view of the performance achieved over the full year  as well as the Group's discipline in protecting its margins  HERIGE expects to deliver a solid operating performance for the year ended December 31  2022.The Group is taking a cautious approach to 2023 in an uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment marked by rising interest rates and persistently high inflation  as well as a slowdown in the new construction market. HERIGE remains focused on its value-generating development areas  namely by integrating and ramping up its latest acquisitions  consolidating its performances  rolling out its energy efficiency offers and accelerating its CSR initiatives.NEXT PUBLICATION: 2022 results on March 28  2023 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 – E-mail: acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZtsaZ2XY2uYxnBrZMlsa5JjaW5oyJOYbZaVlmNrZ5jKm5xlyZllbZyaZnBpmWhv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78439-herige_ca_t4_2022_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['Herige', '2022 TURNOVER', '9 MILLION', 'favorable volume/product mix effect', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', 'favorable price effect', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'complex economic context', 'unfavorable economic situation', 'rising interest rates', 'value-generating development areas', 'original press release', 'high 2021 comparison basis', 'new construction market', 'Vendée region', 'selective acquisitions strategy', 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'ready-mix concrete plants', 'next press releases', 'energy efficiency offers', 'good business dynamic', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Building Materials Trading', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'solid operating performance', 'building industry', 'Press Relations', 'market environment', 'Aquitaine region', 'trading businesses', 'solid growth', 'latest acquisitions', 'good momentum', 'Concrete Industry', 'precast concrete', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'Inter-segment eliminations', 'Unaudited figures', 'Vitrolles site', 'Executive Board', 'energy-efficient housing', 'optimized organization', 'management model', 'decarbonization challenges', 'previous quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'three businesses', 'strong demand', 'distribution channels', 'energy renovation', 'AM-X product', 'same period', 'Structural Works', 'Public Works', 'self-service rollouts', 'cautious approach', 'uncertain geopolitical', 'macroeconomic environment', 'high inflation', 'NEXT PUBLICATION', 'financial communications', 'three sectors', 'strong presence', 'Western France', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'annual revenues', 'sustainable growth', 'Q4 growth', 'performance initiatives', 'The Group', 'Industrial Joinery', 'CSR initiatives', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'full year', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', '11.4% growth', 'turnover', 'GAAP', 'Change', 'Other', 'Activence', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'Audoin', 'Fils', 'Chairman', 'importance', 'position', 'markets', 'profitable', 'range', 'solutions', 'know-how', 'wake', 'wood', 'showroom', 'integration', 'responsiveness', 'ability', 'Outlook', 'developments', 'view', 'discipline', 'margins', 'slowdown', 'performances', '2022 results', 'March', 'close', 'website', '3,000 people', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', '©PEA-PME', 'Ticker', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'groupe', 'cpuissant', 'acbonjour', 'PDF', 'company']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/beaconsmind-AG-Annual-financial-report-to-be-published-by-the-end-of-February-2023-42921451/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG   a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 will be further delayed. The background to this …,Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind and the auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) require more time for the audit than planned. beaconsmind and PwC are working flat out to complete the audit process. The publication of the 2021/2022 annual financial report is scheduled for the end of February 2023.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230207005970/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual financial report', 'AG', 'end', 'February', '2021/2022 annual financial report', 'IFRS financial reporting', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Regulatory News', 'location-based marketing', 'complex changeover', 'Swiss GAAP', 'considerable amount', 'additional work', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'source version', 'auditing company', 'audit process', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'publication', 'background', 'context', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'PwC', 'time', 'end', 'February', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Declaration-according-to-article-223-16-AMF-42921647/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Wavestone :  Declaration according to article 223-16 (AMF),(marketscreener.com)  In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofJanuary 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 529 647 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the…,"In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofJanuary 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 529 647 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large companies and organizations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. It's an ambition anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in the signature “The Positive Way.”Wavestone brings together more than 4 000 employees in Europe  in the United States and in Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lpidlpdmYWaXm5uaY52XmpeZb5dpw5SVbJOXxpVpZJ+VbJtjmGtkapbHZnBpmWhq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Total number of voting rights and capital:- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares making up the share capital Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78434-wavestone_declaration-amf_230207-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Wavestone', 'Declaration', 'article', 'AMF', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'The Positive Way', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Press relations', 'positive outcome', 'commercial law', '32,529,647 voting rights', 'large companies', 'critical transformations', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', 'share capital', 'accordance', 'article', 'Wavestone', 'shareholders', '20,196,492 shares', 'AMF.', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'organizations', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', 'signature', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Work', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Signing-of-a-new-250-million-euros-syndicated-loan-bringing-the-total-amount-of-credit-facilities-a-42921722/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,(marketscreener.com) Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 mill…,"Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Occupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'following non-financial objectives', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'European small', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Signing', 'Voltalia', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603384/0/en/Signing-of-a-new-250-million-euros-syndicated-loan-bringing-the-total-amount-of-credit-facilities-available-to-the-Group-to-490-million-euros.html,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490   million euros ...,"English FrenchSigning of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Occupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'following non-financial objectives', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'English French', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'European small', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Signing', 'Voltalia', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019', '33']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALPHA-MOS-61956556/news/Alpha-MOS-BOYDSense-an-Alpha-MOS-subsidiary-selected-among-the-12-most-innovative-French-Medtec-42922520/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Alpha MOS : BOYDSense (an Alpha MOS subsidiary)  selected among the 12 most innovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical Technology Industry (SNITEM),(marketscreener.com)   COMMUNIQUE DE PRESSE   Toulouse  February 7th 2023  18h   BOYDSense   selected among the 12 most   innovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical Technology   Industry    BOYDSense SAS  subsidiary of Alp…,COMMUNIQUE DE PRESSEToulouse  February 7th 2023  18hBOYDSense (an Alpha MOS subsidiary)  selected among the 12 mostinnovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical TechnologyIndustry (SNITEM)BOYDSense SAS  subsidiary of Alpha MOS (Euronext Paris  ISIN : FR0013421286 ALNEO)  has been selected by a jury from the National Union of the Medical Technology Industry (SNITEM) in ordert o participate to the 8th edition of the start-upsday  organized on April 4th at la Cité des Sciences. This event brings together all start-upsrelated to Medtech and awards  at the end of a day of conferences and workshops  a jury prize and a public prize  among 12 start- ups.BOYDSense's flagship innovation is Lassie  a non-invasive platform for monitoring blood glucose levels through breath analysis for people with diabetes. This method replaces fingertip micropuncture and transforms chronic disease monitoring with a painless  reliable and compact device.We are very proud that our solution will be honored on this day  as it makes a significant difference in the lives of people with diabetes. The health and comfort of people suffering from chronic diseases are at the heart of our priorities. Lassie will be presented to the Medtech community on April 4th » said Ben Delhey  CEO of BOYDSense.The 12 start-ups were selected according to four criteria :The potential of the solution The potential of the target market The quality of the team The proposed business plan.About BOYDSenseBOYDSense  SAS is a medical technology company developing an affordable  non-invasive health monitoring platform to measure various biomarkers via exhaled air.BOYDSense's first product in development  named Lassie™ is a device that allows people with diabetes to accurately measure blood glucose values without pain. The BOYDSense platform will also allow patients and healthcare professionals to use the breath analyzer as a non- invasive way to detect and monitor diseases such as cancer  obesity  asthma  etc.BOYDSense is a subsidiary of Alpha MOS  leader in sensory analysis.More information : www.boydsense.com.This press release  and the information it contains  does not constitute a solicitation of an order to purchase or subscribe for securities in France or in countries other than France.1,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.11,0.21,True,English,"['12 most innovative French Medtech', 'Medical Technology Industry', 'Alpha MOS subsidiary', 'National Union', 'BOYDSense', 'SNITEM', 'affordable, non-invasive health monitoring platform', 'chronic disease monitoring', 'Medical Technology Industry', 'la Cité des', 'blood glucose levels', 'medical technology company', 'blood glucose values', 'The BOYDSense platform', 'innovative French Medtech', 'Alpha MOS subsidiary', 'National Union', 'Euronext Paris', '8th edition', 'public prize', '12 start- ups', 'flagship innovation', 'breath analysis', 'fingertip micropuncture', 'painless, reliable', 'significant difference', 'chronic diseases', 'Medtech community', 'Ben Delhey', 'four criteria', 'target market', 'business plan', 'various biomarkers', 'first product', 'healthcare professionals', 'breath analyzer', 'invasive way', 'sensory analysis', 'press release', 'jury prize', 'compact device', 'More information', 'BOYDSense SAS', 'PRESSE', 'Toulouse', 'February', 'SNITEM', 'ISIN', 'ordert', 'start-upsday', 'April', 'Sciences', 'event', 'start-upsrelated', 'awards', 'end', 'conferences', 'workshops', 'Lassie', 'people', 'diabetes', 'method', 'solution', 'lives', 'comfort', 'heart', 'priorities', 'CEO', '12 start-ups', 'potential', 'quality', 'team', 'exhaled', 'air', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'obesity', 'asthma', 'leader', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'France', 'countries']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/New-Drop-Box-Facilitates-Returns-with-Parcel-Pending-by-Quadient-Lockers-in-UK-Evri-to-be-the-First-42914456/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,(marketscreener.com) New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology The new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamlines returns and facilitates parce…,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'The Delivery Conference', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'long-standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'Visit Quadient', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'mission']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602623/0/en/New-Drop-Box-Facilitates-Returns-with-Parcel-Pending-by-Quadient-Lockers-in-UK-Evri-to-be-the-First-Carrier-to-Use-the-Technology.html,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology  The new Drop Box...,English FrenchNew Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'The Delivery Conference', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'The compa', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'Visit Quadient', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'long', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-Update-on-Emergency-Arbitration-42919324/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Euronav : Update on Emergency Arbitration,(marketscreener.com)   Update on Emergency Arbitration      07 Feb 2023 14:15 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      UPDATE ON EMERGENCY ARBITRATION   ANTWERP  Belgium  February 7 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/…,"Update on Emergency ArbitrationUPDATE ON EMERGENCY ARBITRATIONANTWERP  Belgium  February 7  2023 - Euronav NV (""EURN"" or ""Euronav"") (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) hereby informs its shareholders with reference to Euronav's press releases dated 17 and 30 January 2023 that today it has received an arbitration decision in the context of its application request for urgent interim and conservatory measures in relation to Frontline's (NYSE: FRO & OSE: FRO) unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement of July 10  2022.The emergency arbitrator has dismissed Euronav's request for provisional and interim measures on the basis of the specific and procedural rules applicable to the emergency proceedings and in particular:- a lack of urgency for Euronav in obtaining the requested interim and provisional measures.Euronav continues to believe that Frontline's unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement has no basis under the terms of the combination agreement and that Frontline failed to provide a satisfactory justification for its decision to pursue termination.Only the arbitration procedure on the merits that was initiated by Euronav on 28 January 2023 will decide on the merits of the validity of such termination.Euronav is in the process of analysing the Company's options and will continue to take appropriate legal action to protect and preserve the rights and interests of Euronav and its stakeholders.Euronav continues to communicate and maintain a constructive dialogue with its shareholders. In particular  in view of Euronav's upcoming general shareholders' meeting convened at the request of CMB NV that will be held on 23 March 2023  Euronav believes that governance tailored to all of Euronav's shareholders and stakeholders  with directors with a constructive mindset  should remain Euronav's goal  which requires retaining a proportional independence and a high degree of continuity of the Supervisory Board to ensure value protection for all shareholders and compliance with Belgian corporate governance standards.For this purpose  on 4 February 2023  the Euronav Supervisory Board sent a letter to CMB NV and Famatown Finance Limited to request each of them to consider a Euronav Supervisory Board composition representing the current proportionate shareholding structure of Euronav  with two (2) newly appointed non-independent members nominated by CMB NV (being Messrs. Marc Saverys and Patrick De Brabandere) and two (2) newly appointed nonindependent members to be nominated by Famatown Finance Limited. CMB NV has on 6 February 2023 responded that it is not inclined to agree and that all mandates should be up for discussion to allow for a comprehensive deliberation. Famatown has not responded to the contents of the proposal.Euronav will continue to update the market in accordance with applicable regulations.Contact: Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board member Tel: +44 20 78 70 04 36 Email: IR@euronav.comAnnouncement final year results 2022: 31 March 2023About Euronav NVEuronav is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is one of the major partners. Euronav's owned and operated fleet consists of 1 V-Plus vessel  40 VLCCs (with further two under construction)  22 Suezmaxes (with a further five under construction) and 2 FSO vessels under long term contract.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forwardlooking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.eurn-pr-arbitration-07-02-2023-dismissal.pdf",neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.58,True,English,"['Emergency Arbitration', 'Euronav', 'Update', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'current proportionate shareholding structure', 'Belgian corporate governance standards', ""upcoming general shareholders' meeting"", 'Euronav Supervisory Board composition', 'Patrick De Brabandere', 'final year results', 'Tankers International pool', 'long term contract', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'safe harbor legislation', 'appointed non-independent members', 'historical operating trends', 'appropriate legal action', 'Famatown Finance Limited', 'Management Board member', 'independent tanker company', 'The Company', 'nonindependent members', 'historical facts', 'unilateral action', 'Emergency Arbitration', 'press releases', 'conservatory measures', 'combination agreement', 'emergency arbitrator', 'procedural rules', 'emergency proceedings', 'satisfactory justification', 'arbitration procedure', 'constructive dialogue', 'CMB NV', 'constructive mindset', 'proportional independence', 'high degree', 'value protection', 'Marc Saverys', 'comprehensive deliberation', 'applicable regulations', 'Brian Gallagher', 'ocean transportation', 'crude oil', 'major partners', '1 V-Plus vessel', '2 FSO vessels', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forwardlooking statements', 'other statements', 'urgent interim', 'interim measures', 'period market', 'arbitration decision', 'provisional measures', 'IR Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'other data', 'application request', 'Euronav NV', 'spot market', 'Update', 'Belgium', 'EURN', 'reference', 'context', 'relation', 'Frontline', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'termination', 'July', 'basis', 'specific', 'lack', 'urgency', 'terms', 'merits', '28 January', 'validity', 'process', 'options', 'rights', 'interests', 'stakeholders', 'view', '23 March', 'directors', 'goal', 'continuity', 'compliance', '4 February', 'letter', 'Messrs', '6 February', 'mandates', 'discussion', 'contents', 'proposal', 'accordance', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Email', 'Announcement', '31 March', 'storage', 'Antwerp', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'fleet', 'VLCCs', 'construction', '22 Suezmaxes', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'performance', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'examination', 'records', '30', '44']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/arosa-lenzerheide-commits-to-three-year-extension-with-catalate-to-power-their-ticket-pricing-engine-301737915.html,Arosa Lenzerheide Commits to Three-Year Extension with Catalate to Power Their Ticket Pricing Engine,Swiss-based ski area Arosa Lenzerheide  a Catalate partner since 2017  continues to maximize online sales revenue with Catalate's Dynamic Pricing and E-Commerce platform. PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Arosa Lenzerheide (Lenzerheide Bergbahne…,"Swiss-based ski area Arosa Lenzerheide  a Catalate partner since 2017  continues to maximize online sales revenue with Catalate's Dynamic Pricing and E-Commerce platform.PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Arosa Lenzerheide (Lenzerheide Bergbahnen AG and Arosa Bergbahnen AG)  the largest contiguous ski resort in the Graubünden region of Switzerland  has committed to another three-year contract with Catalate. The resort has significantly increased online sales since the partnership began.Arosa Lenzerheide came to Catalate with the intention of increasing online revenue overall and incentivizing advanced ticket sales through Catalate's Dynamic Pricing Services with Cloud Store e-commerce. During its first season of partnership  online revenue grew notably and the total percentage of sales for 1- to 14-day ski tickets  4-hour  and afternoon tickets  which started at 25% in 2017/2018 season  increased YOY to over 73% of revenue in the 2020/2021 season.Arosa Lenzerheide sells most of its tickets online  from ski to beginner and snowpark  to night sledding — even hiking and bear sanctuary tickets. Each year  Arosa Lenzerheide starts selling dynamically priced tickets for the winter ahead as early as summer to secure advanced bookings  reducing the impact of factors that influence demand throughout the season.In 2017  Philipp Holenstein  CEO of Arosa Bergbahnen said  ""We chose to partner with Catalate because of their proven track record of increasing pre-sales for ticketing businesses and pioneering dynamic pricing used by hundreds of ski areas."" And just recently  Phillip noted that ""over the past six seasons Catalate has proven to be a reliable partner that really understands dynamic pricing in the ski industry.""Catalate continues to impress European snow resorts  with tenured partners like Chamonix and Arosa Lenzerheide enjoying increased advance ticket purchases each season and notable resorts like Pitztal and Kaunertal showing excellent results in their first season with Catalate.About Arosa LenzerheideArosa Lenzerheide is a snow sports paradise with 225 kilometers of snow tracks  twice as many traditional mountain huts  and record-breaking days of sunshine. The ski area connects the ski destinations of Arosa and Lenzerheide.About CatalateCatalate  a Canopy Holdings AS (Canopy Holdings  Euronext Growth Oslo:CAN) company  is a global pricing and e-commerce company empowering ski resorts  parks  and attractions to increase online revenue. As the only purpose-built ticketing platform for the industry  Catalate has developed successful strategies for hundreds of partners across $1 billion in online sales.Media Contact: Katie Bottrell  katie@catalate.comSOURCE Catalate Commerce",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Ticket Pricing Engine', 'Arosa Lenzerheide', 'Three-Year Extension', 'Catalate', '1- to 14-day ski tickets', 'many traditional mountain huts', 'largest contiguous ski resort', 'Graubünden region', 'proven track record', 'past six seasons', 'advance ticket purchases', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'snow sports paradise', 'Swiss-based ski area', 'European snow resorts', 'Canopy Holdings AS', 'built ticketing platform', 'Dynamic Pricing Services', 'pioneering dynamic pricing', 'advanced ticket sales', 'Lenzerheide Bergbahnen AG', 'Arosa Bergbahnen AG', 'SOURCE Catalate Commerce', 'online sales revenue', 'ski resorts', 'snow tracks', 'ski areas', 'ski destinations', 'E-Commerce platform', 'advanced bookings', 'ticketing businesses', 'global pricing', 'notable resorts', 'afternoon tickets', 'sanctuary tickets', 'online revenue', 'ski industry', 'Arosa Lenzerheide', 'PALO ALTO', 'three-year contract', 'Cloud Store', 'total percentage', 'Philipp Holenstein', 'reliable partner', 'excellent results', 'record-breaking days', 'successful strategies', 'Media Contact', 'Katie Bottrell', 'first season', '2017/2018 season', '2020/2021 season', 'tenured partners', 'e-commerce company', 'Catalate partner', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'Switzerland', 'partnership', 'intention', '4-hour', 'beginner', 'snowpark', 'night', 'winter', 'summer', 'impact', 'factors', 'demand', 'CEO', 'increasing', 'pre-sales', 'hundreds', 'Phillip', 'Chamonix', 'Pitztal', 'Kaunertal', '225 kilometers', 'sunshine', 'parks', 'attractions', 'purpose']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,prnewswire.co.uk
17912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Annual-financial-report-to-be-published-by-the-end-of-February-2023-42921450/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word: Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023 07.02.2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of …,EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word(s): Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 202307.02.2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023Zurich  Switzerland – 7 February 2023 – beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind and the auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) require more time for the audit than planned. beaconsmind and PwC are working flat out to complete the audit process. The publication of the 2021/2022 annual financial report is scheduled for the end of February 2023.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['Annual financial report', 'Beaconsmind AG', 'end', 'February', '2021/2022 annual financial report', 'IFRS financial reporting', 'Key word(s', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'location-based marketing', 'complex changeover', 'Swiss GAAP', 'considerable amount', 'additional work', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'auditing company', 'audit process', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'end', 'February', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'publication', 'background', 'context', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'PwC', 'time', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', '30.06']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Strengthening-of-the-management-team-and-Board-of-Directors-Construc-42914613/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,(marketscreener.com) CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness update PARIS   February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and Novem…,"CORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Announcing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'global customer-focused company', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Global Head', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'track record', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'years', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits', 'Q4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602626/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Strengthening-of-the-management-team-and-Board-of-Directors-Constructive-discussions-with-creditors-and-shareholders-Business-update.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE    Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness......,"English FrenchCORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Announcing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'unique global platform', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'global customer-focused company', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'Global Head', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'English French', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'six years', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'track record', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits', 'Q4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602586/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-UK-and-2Agriculture-decide-to-abandon-proposed-joint-venture-plans.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,Lochem  7 February 2023                            ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans        Following the...,"English DutchLochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'English Dutch', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'improvements', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-UK-and-2Agriculture-decide-to-abandon-proposed-joint-venture-plans-42914124/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  7 February 2023                        ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans Following the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to aba…,"Lochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.67,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'driving improvements', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'expected', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/core-laboratories-n-v-nyse-193524886.html,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023 Operator: Good morning  and welcome to the Core Laboratories Fourth...,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023Operator: Good morning  and welcome to the Core Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. . After today's presentation  there will be an opportunity to ask questions. . Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Larry Bruno  Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.Larry Bruno: Thanks Drew. Good morning in the Americas  good afternoon in Europe  Africa and the Middle East  and good evening in Asia-Pacific. We'd like to welcome all of our shareholders  analysts  and most importantly  our employees to Core Laboratories fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning  I'm joined by Chris Hill  Core's Chief Financial Officer; and Gwen Gresham  Core's Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. The call will be divided into six segments. Gwen will start by making remarks regarding forward-looking statements. We'll then have some opening comments  including a high-level review of important factors in Core's Q4 and full-year 2022 performance. In addition  we'll review Core's strategies and the three financial tenets that the Company employs to build long-term shareholder value.Chris will then give a detailed financial overview and have additional comments regarding shareholder value. Following Chris  Gwen will provide some comments on the Company's outlook and guidance. I'll then review Core's two operating segments  detailing our progress and discussing the continued successful introduction and deployment of Core Labs' technologies  as well as highlighting some of Core's operations and major projects worldwide. Then we'll open the phones for a Q&A session. I'll now turn the call over to Gwen for remarks on forward-looking statements.Gwen Gresham: Before we start the conference this morning  I'll mention that some of the statements we make during this call may include projections  estimates and other forward-looking information. This would include any discussion of the Company's business outlook. These types of forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cause actual results to materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K  as well as other reports and registration statements filed by us with the SEC and the AFM. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Story continuesOur comments also include non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release announcing our fourth quarter results. Those non-GAAP measures can also be found on our website. With that said  I'll pass the discussion back to Larry.Larry Bruno: Thanks  Gwen. For the fourth quarter of 2022 Core Lab achieved sequential improvement in revenue  operating income  operating margins  and EPS with strong incremental margins. These improvements translated into higher free cash flow  which enabled the company to reduce net debt by $11.7 million or 7%. We remained focused on executing our key financial strategies including reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet. For the full-year 2022  revenue was $490 million  increasing by more than 4% compared to 2021. However  for 2022  revenue for the full-year was adversely impacted by currency devaluation of the Euro and British pound. Using a constant dollar exchange rate  2022 revenue would've been nearly $13 million higher.For the full company operating margins for the fourth quarter grew to 12%  up from 11% in Q3. Full company sequential incremental margins ex-items exceeded 80%  driven by a strong quarter in production enhancement. Reservoir Description margins lagged after two successive quarters with very high incrementals  reflecting adverse impacts from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The Russia-Ukraine conflict posed a headwind to revenue in the fourth quarter and throughout most of 2022  as trading patterns for crude oil and derived products were disrupted in Europe  Russia  and Ukraine. For 2022  demand for laboratory services tied to the assay of crude oil and derived products in these regions declined in excess of $9 million year-over-year offsetting growth in other international regions.Lastly  for the full company  quarter-over-quarter  EPS grew sequentially by 11% to $0.20 per share ex-items. As we look ahead  Core will continue to execute on its key strategic objectives by one  introducing new product and service offerings in key geographic markets; two  maintaining a lean and focused organization; and three  maintaining our commitment to de-levering the company. Now to review Core Lab's strategies and the financial tenants that Core has used to build shareholder value over our 27 plus year history as a publicly traded company. The interests of our shareholders  clients  and employees will always be well served by Core Lab's resilient culture  which relies on innovation  leveraging technology to solve problems and dedicated customer service.I'll talk more about some of our latest innovations in the operational review section of this call. While we navigate through the current challenges and pursue growth opportunities  the company will remained focused on its three longstanding  long-term financial tenants. Those being to maximize free cash flow  maximize return on invested capital  and returning excess free cash to our shareholders. Before moving on  I want to thank our employees for the dedication  loyalty  and adaptability in meeting all of our clients' needs and for the commitment that many have shown as we navigate the moment and prepare for more active market. I'll now turn it over to Chris for the detailed financial review.Chris Hill: Thanks  Larry. I would like to begin by highlighting a couple of announcements we made since our last call. As you may be aware  the company shares were previously dual listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange. However  as we rationalize benefits versus the cost of maintaining the dual listing  we decided to de-list the shares from the Amsterdam Exchange  which became effective in early December of last year. In following the de-listing of the shares on January 17 of this year  we announced our plan to reorganize the company's corporate structure which includes redomesticating the parent company from the Netherlands to the United States. The company and its Board believes the redomestication will enhance long-term shareholder value by reducing administrative costs  simplifying the corporate structure  as well as gaining some operational efficiencies.The company filed a preliminary prospectus and proxy statement associated with the redomestication  which will require shareholder approval. We anticipate the redomestication transaction will be completed sometime in the first half of this year. Before we review the financial performance for the quarter  the guidance we gave on our last call and past calls specifically excluded the impact of any FX gains or losses and assumed an effective tax rate of 20%. So accordingly  our discussion today excludes any foreign exchange gain or loss for current and prior periods. Additionally  the GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter include a non-cash adjustment of $1.9 million  which decreased stock compensation expense associated with performance share awards  which vested during the quarter.This adjustment has also been excluded from the discussion of our fourth quarter and full-year results. Now looking at the income statement  revenue from continuing operations was $127.6 million in the fourth quarter  up slightly from $126 million in the prior quarter. The sequential increase in revenue was driven by growth in both the U.S. and international markets. However  nice growth in multiple international regions has been partially offset by continued disruptions caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict  which adversely impacted service revenue in the affected regions. Of this revenue  service revenue  which is more international  was $88.9 million for the quarter up from $87.9 million last quarter. During the quarter  we saw nice sequential growth of 11% in the U.S.  which was led by our laboratory services and well diagnostic services.We also see nice sequential improvement in multiple international regions outside the areas impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. However  the Russia-Ukraine conflict has continued to disrupt the trading patterns and flow of oil in the affected regions. The realignment of these trading patterns still continues  and the realignment of these trading patterns has not been consistent or linear. For example  in Europe  our crude oil assay activity increased during the third quarter  but activity decreased again in the fourth quarter. The company believes these trading patterns will become more stable throughout 2023  and we will continue to monitor the changes to the trading patterns and appropriately adopt -- adapt our operations accordingly.For the full-year of 2022  service revenue of $347 million was relatively flat compared to $344.3 million in 2021. As Larry mentioned  two main factors have adversely impacted our international revenue by over $20 million in 2022. The devaluation of certain currencies  primarily the Euro and British pound; and disruptions caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict as we just discussed. Product sales  which is equally tied to North America and international activity were $38.6 million for the quarter  up slightly compared to $38.1 million last quarter. International product sales for the quarter were up 15% sequentially  and our energetic sales to the U.S. market were also up sequentially. However  this growth was partially offset by a decrease of approximately $2 million in other product sales.For the full-year of 2022  product sales revenue was of $142.8 million was up 13% from $125.9 million in 2021. Moving on to the cost of services ex-items for the quarter are 78% of service revenue  which is comparable to last quarter. The service side of our business has been more impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict  although we see improvements in absorption of costs and nice incremental margins in regions where activity is expanding these gains are being offset by disruption to the business in other regions more directly impacted by the conflict. Cost of sales ex-items in the fourth quarter were 79% of revenue and improved from 82% last quarter. The improvement this quarter was primarily driven by gains in manufacturing efficiencies and higher international sales.Manufacturing costs continue to increase due to inflation on materials and other operating costs. However  some of the impact has been mitigated through gains in manufacturing efficiencies and some improvement in pricing. G&A ex-items for the quarter was $10.4 million  relatively flat compared to last quarter. For the full-year of 2022  G&A ex-items was $39.3 million  up from $37 million in 2021 due to restoration of employee compensation and benefits. For 2023  we expect G&A to be approximately $40 million to $42 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $4.1 million and comparable to last quarter. For the full-year depreciation and amortization expense was $17.2 million  down from $18.5 million in 2021. EBIT ex-items for the quarter was $14.7 million  up 10% from $13.3 million last quarter  and representing an EBIT margin of approximately 12%  which is also up from 11% last quarter.Operating income for the fourth quarter on a GAAP basis was $15.6 million. And for the full-year of 2022  EBIT ex-items was $44.8 million  down from $52.3 million in the prior year and on a GAAP basis  EBIT was $41.5 million for 2022 and $45.3 million in 2021. Interest expense was $3.1 million in comparable to last quarter and interest expense ex-items for the full-year was $11.4 million  up slightly from $11 million in 2021. Although  interest rates have significantly increased throughout 2022 the company has substantially offset the impact of this increase by reducing our outstanding debt. On a GAAP basis  interest expense for the full-year of 2022 was $11.6 million  up from $9.2 million in 2021  as 2021 interest expense included a $1.4 million gain associated with settling some of our interest rate hedges last year.Income tax expense ex-items and using an effective tax rate of 20% for the quarter was $2.3 million. On a GAAP basis  the company recorded income tax expense of $5.8 million for the quarter. And for the full-year  income tax expense was $10.3 million  resulting in an effective tax rate of 34% for 2022. However  income tax expense was significantly increased in 2022 due to the devaluation of foreign currencies  primarily Turkey and the United Kingdom  which we discussed in prior quarters. Excluding the impact associated with the devaluation of the Turkish lira and British pound  the company's effective tax rate would've been approximately 18%. The effective tax rate will continue to be somewhat sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings across the globe and the impact of items discrete to each quarter.However  we continue to project the company's effective tax rate to be approximately 20%. Income from continuing operations ex-items for the quarter was $9.3 million  up 11% sequentially from $8.3 million last quarter. For the full-year 2022 ex-items  it was $26.8 million  down from $33 million in 2021. GAAP income from continuing operations for the quarter was $6.7 million  and for the full-year 2022 was $19.7 million. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations ex-items was $0.20 for the quarter  up from $0.18 last quarter  and was $0.57 for the full-year of 2022. GAAP earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $0.14 for the quarter and $0.42 for the full-year. Now moving on to the balance sheet  receivables were $106.9 million at December 31  up $6.7 million from last quarter end.Petroleum  Industry  LaboratoryPhoto by Gritte on UnsplashOur DSOs for the fourth quarter were at 70 days also up when compared to 67 days last quarter. The increase was primarily driven by the timing of billings during the quarter and a slightly higher mix of international revenue  which generally has a longer collection period. Inventory finished the year at $60.4 million  up approximately $5.6 million from last quarter end. Inventory turns for the quarter were at 2.1 down from 2.3 in the last quarter  and primarily down due to shipping delays postponing some larger international sales into 2023. As previously highlighted  the company continues to experience an increase in cost of raw materials  labor  packaging  and transportation costs  which are increasing the cost of inventory. Additionally  challenges in the supply chain persist  which will continue to require carrying a larger amount of inventory to help mitigate disruptions.We anticipate inventory turns will remain at similar levels  but we have a focused effort for improvement as we progress into 2023. On the liability side of the balance sheet  our long-term debt was $175 million at December 31 and was reduced by $10 million this quarter. Our debt is currently comprised of our senior notes at $135 million as well as $40 million outstanding under our bank revolving credit facility. As Larry mentioned earlier  our free cash flow has also improved as the company's financial performance has improved the last couple of quarters. Our free cash flow continues to be focused on reducing outstanding debt  considering cash of $15.4 million  our net debt was $159.6 million at year-end  a reduction of $11.7 million this quarter  which also improved our leverage ratio to 2.29 from 2.42 at last quarter end.Since announcing the company's commitment and focus on reducing debt in the fourth quarter of 2019  we have reduced net debt by 46%. The company will continue applying free cash towards reducing debt  so that company reaches its target leverage ratio of 1.5 or lower. Looking at cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2022  cash flow from operating activities was $13.2 million  and after paying for $2 million of CapEx  our free cash flow was $11.2 million for the quarter. Our free cash flow generated this quarter is the highest we have achieved since the third quarter of 2020. Looking forward to 2023  we expect CapEx to modestly expand and will continue to remain in line with historical levels  but also be aligned with activity levels. For the full-year of 2023  we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $12 million to $15 million  which is an increase from $10.2 million in 2022.Core will continue our strict capital discipline and asset-like business model with capital expenditures primarily targeted at growth opportunities and initiatives. Core Lab's operational leverage continues to provide for the ability to grow revenue and profitability with minimal capital requirements. Capital expenditures have historically ranged from 2.5% to 4% of revenue even during periods of significant growth. That same level of laboratory infrastructure  intellectual property  and leverage exists in the business today. We believe evaluating a company's ability to generate free cash flow and free cash flow yield is an important metric for shareholders when comparing and projecting company's financial results  particularly for those shareholders who utilize discounted cash flow models to assess valuations.I will now turn it over to Gwen for an update on our guidance and outlook.Gwen Gresham: Thank you  Chris. Looking forward into 2023  we see crude oil macro fundamentals continuing to support a multi-year recovery cycle for the oil and gas industry. Crude oil demand for 2023 as forecasted by the International Energy Agency in January of this year is projected to increase by 1.9 million barrels per day to a record 101.7 million barrels per day as consumption in China grows along with the reopening of its economy. As crude oil demand is projected to exceed pre-COVID levels  crude-oil supply is projected to tighten. Production growth continues to face constraints due to prolonged underinvestment in many regions around the globe as well as natural decline of production from existing fields. As a result  we expect operators to expand their upstream spending plans for 2023 by mid-teens compared to 2022.This supports our continued improvement in international onshore and offshore activity  with projects emerging and underway  most notably across the Middle East  Latin America and West Africa regions. Moving on to the U.S.  we see similar challenges with crude oil supply which should require increased spending by operators to grow and replace production. While operators remain focused on capital discipline  2023 forecasts indicate their U.S. upstream spending will increase by approximately 15% year- over-year. Turning to the first quarter of 2023  we anticipate Reservoir Description to be down low to mid-single-digits sequentially. There are two factors causing the sequential decline in revenue. First  the typical seasonal industry pattern  which will cause activity in the first quarter to decline in some regions; and second  continued volatility with crude oil trading patterns which may impact Reservoir Description's international growth within its Russian  Ukrainian  and European operations.Helping to offset these revenue headwinds  we will see an increase in international upstream project activity  which is currently underway. For Production Enhancement  revenue is estimated to be up mid-single-digit as U.S. land activity is projected to recover from normal seasonal declines experienced at year-end. We project first quarter 2023 revenue to range from $125 million to $129 million and operating income of $11.5 million to $14.5 million  yielding operating margins of approximately 10%. EPS for the first quarter is expected to range from $0.14 to $0.19. The company's first quarter guidance is based on projections for underlying operations and excludes gains and losses in foreign exchange. First quarter guidance also assumes an effective tax rate of 20%.Now  I'll pass the discussion back to Larry.Larry Bruno: Thanks  Gwen. First  I'd like to thank our global team of employees for providing innovative solutions  integrity  and superior service to our clients. The team's collective dedication to servicing our clients is the foundation of Core Lab's success. Turning first to Reservoir Description  for the fourth quarter of 2022  revenue came in at just over $78 million down slightly compared to Q3. When looking at revenue growth for Reservoir Description  it is important to consider the sharp devaluation of the Euro and the British pound. These currency devaluations lowered Reservoir Description revenue for the full-year  by more than $12 million using 2021 exchange rates. Operating income for Reservoir Description ex-items was $6 million  and operating margins were 8%.Growth across most regions was offset by impacts from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Demand for crude oil and derived product assay work across Europe  Russia  and Ukraine  which rebounded somewhat during Q3  subsequently slowed in Q4 as sanctions became formalized. As previously discussed  we expect continued volatility and demand for these laboratory services as global trading patterns realign. However  as Gwen mentioned  the International Energy Agency recently forecast crude oil demand for 2023 to average a record high 101.7 million barrels per day  up by 1.9 million barrels per day from 2022  even after assessing global financial forecasts. This bodes well for growing demand for Reservoir Description's assay work. As we look ahead  while still well below pre-COVID levels  we see the growing international rig count as a harbinger of an improving landscape for Reservoir Description a trend that we project will play out for the next several years particularly in the Middle East  North and South America and most other regions.Early movers in the oilfield service sector that are more exposed to well construction have already felt the impact of this cycle shift. As projects progress into field appraisal  field development  and eventually production demand for Core Lab's Reservoir Description services will rise accordingly. Now for some operational highlights from the fourth quarter  Core Lab's Reservoir Description services were employed on both U.S. and international projects to help our clients evaluate their assets and develop programs to optimize production. Under the direction of a South American National Oil Company  Core Lab conducted a series of Enhanced Oil Recovery and flow assurance studies for a multi-well onshore program as evaluating the use of CO2-rich injection gases.This laboratory work is determining the impact of blending these CO2-rich gases with existing reservoir fluids and are providing the basis for advanced equation-of-state modeling. While defining the gas injection parameters for a successful field application are critical to improving crude oil recoveries  operators must also assess the potential for the injected CO2 to unintendedly cause flocculation of asphaltenes. These long chain asphaltene molecules can clog pores in the rock and impair permeability  thus reducing the effectiveness of CO2 injection programs. Broadly  CO2 injection projects like this reflect a globally expanding interest in enhanced oil recovery and carbon capture and storage technologies. When properly evaluated with rigorous laboratory testing  injecting CO2 into hydrocarbon bearing subsurface formations can simultaneously improve oil recovery and reduce CO2 emissions.Also  during the fourth quarter of 2022  Core completed an integrated study on conventional core from a lower Barnett shale pilot well in the Permian Basin. The key objectives of the study were to evaluate the resource potential of the strata and identify landing zone targets that will optimize stimulation and hydrocarbon production. Core analysis data acquire from the pilot well was benchmarked against key performance indicators from 21 wells in Core Lab's proprietary Woodford-Barnett joint industry project to provide insights into future production potential of the play. Core applied its new proprietary prism mudstone laboratory workflow  which combines advanced petrophysical and geochemical technologies  including measurements from high frequency  nuclear magnetic resonance and multi-rate pyrolysis to also provide rapid assessment of mobile versus non-mobile hydrocarbons in the rocks.The Prism workflow also refined petrophysical models and allow for refined calibration of downhole logs  which in turn resulted in an increase in both calculated reserves and estimated ultimate recovery. Moving now to Production Enhancement  where Core Lab technologies continue to help our clients optimize their well completions. Revenue for Production Enhancement came in at $49 million  up 5% sequentially and up 10% year-over-year. Operating income ex-items was $7.7 million  while operating margins were 16% for the fourth quarter of 2022 and sequential margins were more than 100%. During the fourth quarter of 2022  Core Lab continued to build on the success of its expand  casing and tubing patch technology. The industry-leading versatility and reliability of the expand system yield significant savings in the remediation of all types of wells with casing damage  ranging from oil and gas producers through to disposal and geothermal wells.Recently  an operator in Alaska had casing leaks in a horizontal water disposal well at four different depths over a 5 000-foot interval. As the disposal well were to become unavailable  hydrocarbon production from nearby oil and gas wells would need to be severely curtailed. Remedial steps that would have otherwise required a workover rig would have been both costly and time-consuming. Instead  Core Lab experts recommended placing four separate expand patches via wireline with a configuration that would enable operations in this highly deviated wellbore. All four patches were successfully deployed  set on depth and the well passed the mandatory mechanical integrity tests required by state authorities. This allowed the disposal operation to continue rigless intervention to repair the well with expand resulted in significant cost savings and enable the nearby producing wells to maintain hydrocarbon output.To-date  Core Lab has run over 100 000 feet of proprietary casing and tubing patches. The expand system has a proven track record of reliability and is one of the most effective solutions of its type. That concludes our operational review. We appreciate your participation. And Drew will now open the call for questions.See also 10 Cheap Lithium Stocks To Buy and 15 Largest Ophtalmology Companies in the World .To continue reading the Q&A session  please click here.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.12,0.48,True,English,"['Core Laboratories N.V.', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'NYSE', 'CLB', 'Core Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call', 'Full company sequential incremental margins', 'higher free cash flow', 'constant dollar exchange rate', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'Core Laboratories N.V.', 'comparable GAAP financial measures', 'full company operating margins', 'strong incremental margins', 'Reservoir Description margins', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Senior Vice President', 'three financial tenets', 'detailed financial overview', 'Q&A session', 'recent Annual Report', 'two successive quarters', 'key strategic objectives', 'key geographic markets', 'fourth quarter results', 'two operating segments', '27 plus year history', ""Core Labs' technologies"", 'long-term shareholder value', 'key financial strategies', 'other international regions', 'other forward-looking information', 'GAAP measures', 'sequential improvement', 'strong quarter', 'financial tenants', 'operating income', 'other reports', 'six segments', 'actual results', 'new information', 'forward-looking statements', 'Good morning', 'good afternoon', 'Middle East', 'good evening', 'Investor Relations', 'high-level review', 'important factors', 'successful introduction', 'major projects', 'business outlook', 'Form 10-K', 'future events', 'press release', 'balance sheet', 'currency devaluation', 'British pound', 'production enhancement', 'high incrementals', 'adverse impacts', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'trading patterns', 'crude oil', 'laboratory services', 'new product', 'service offerings', 'focused organization', 'registration statements', 'Larry Bruno', 'opening comments', 'additional comments', 'net debt', 'Chris Hill', 'Gwen Gresham', 'full-year 2022 performance', 'derived products', 'NYSE', 'CLB', 'Operator', 'participants', 'listen', 'mode', 'today', 'presentation', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'conference', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Americas', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'shareholders', 'analysts', 'employees', 'Head', 'remarks', 'guidance', 'progress', 'continued', 'deployment', 'operations', 'phones', 'projections', 'estimates', 'discussion', 'types', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'SEC', 'AFM.', 'obligation', 'Reconciliation', 'website', 'revenue', 'EPS', 'improvements', 'Q3.', 'items', 'demand', 'assay', 'excess', 'growth', 'lean', 'commitment', 'interests', 'clients']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-pershing-square-holdings-ltd-annual-investor-meeting-301740302.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd. Annual Investor Meeting,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meet…,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meeting on Thursday  February 9  2023  at 4:00PM CET (3:00PM GMT).To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'commercially successful music', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', '4:00PM CET', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'Chairman', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Media']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,prnewswire.com
17920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-pershing-square-holdings-ltd-annual-investor-meeting-301740309.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd. Annual Investor Meeting,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meet…,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meeting on Thursday  February 9  2023  at 4:00PM CET (3:00PM GMT).To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'commercially successful music', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', '4:00PM CET', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Feb.', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'Chairman', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Media', 'Photo']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,prnewswire.com
17921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PCAS-5058/news/PCAS-NET-SALES-AS-OF-DECEMBER-31-2022-42914291/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,(marketscreener.com) Ecully  February 7  2023 NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 PCAS   a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of …,Ecully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.OutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.06,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'PCAS NewCap', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'positive results', 'sharp increase', '2022 results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '18.6% increase', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Believe-Hits-1-Billion-Digital-Music-Sales-42921846/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Believe Hits 1 Billion Digital Music Sales,(marketscreener.com) Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music Sales Paris  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it has surpassed the milestone of €1bn of digital music sales for 2022  confirming the succ…,"Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music SalesParis  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it has surpassed the milestone of €1bn of digital music sales (DMS1) for 2022  confirming the success of the Group’s model and commercial strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career.Believe’s Digital Music Sales (DMS) represent the recorded music digital sales of the artists supported by the Group  directly or through their labels. The milestone of €1bn yearly DMS in 2022 is a testament to Believe’s original vision and appeal to artists and labels as the best partner to accelerate their careers.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder & CEO  Believe  said  “We are proud to celebrate this milestone as a mark of Believe’s artists and labels’ continuous success. It is a tribute to the strength and passion of our two hearts: our artists  at all stages of their career  who create vibrant music that fans connect to and are inspired by  and our people  who put their digital expertise and technology at their service with respect  fairness and transparency. Our digital expertise and innovation  our deep relationships with our streaming partners have delivered great results for our artists and labels  helping them grow their audiences and their streams at a much faster rate than the market. Delivering best-in-class products and services to all artists  from DIY to established to top artists and shaping the future of the music industry by contributing to build strong  thriving and diverse local music ecosystems is what we stand for.”Believe supports over 1 million artists at all stages of their careers worldwide. Music creators and self-releasing artists benefit from TuneCore’s services to develop their audiences across more than 150 stores via Believe’s Automated Solutions offering. Believe’s Premium Solutions services include Label & Artist Solutions  which supports labels and mid-level to established artists through distribution and light touch marketing  and Artist Services that also provides marketing and promotion strategy and execution to top artists.This multi-tier offering  along with outstanding expert teams  best-in-class proprietary technology and strong long-term partnerships with digital service providers  allows Believe’s artists and labels to monetize their music at best at all stages of their development. The Group thus contributes to building a diverse  equitable and healthy music ecosystem where all local artists and labels can build sustainable careers in the digital world.Lyor Cohen  Global Head of Music  YouTube  commented: ""This milestone is huge! It is yet another sign of Believe's commitment to build a sustainable digital ecosystem for every artist in the world -- a mission that we not only honor but also share through our long term partnership. We are proud to work alongside Believe and look forward to continuing to innovate together  bringing music to fans everywhere. Congratulations!“Jeremy Erlich  Vice President & Global Head of Music  Spotify  commented: “Believe is a valued partner and we congratulate them on this incredible milestone. Enabling artists to live off their work is core to our mission at Spotify  and we’re proud to have played a part in helping Believe artists find  connect with  and grow their fan bases around the world.”Rishi Mirchandani  Vice President  Licensing and Strategy  Amazon Music  commented: “We are proud to work with Believe and provide more opportunities for artists around the world to grow their careers and audiences. Congratulations to Believe for this milestone  and we look forward to finding more ways for artists and labels to share and promote music together.”=======About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them with the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comPress contacts:Manon JESSUA – manon.jessua@believe.comYousr ABASSI – yousr.abassi@agenceproches.com | Cell: +33 6 99 45 48 64Investor Relations contact:Emilie MEGEL – emilie.megel@believe.com | +33 6 07 09 98 60##1 DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'Believe', 'leading digital music companies', '1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'diverse local music ecosystems', 'outstanding expert teams', 'long term partnership', 'Investor Relations contact', 'social media platforms', 'music digital sales', 'strong long-term partnerships', 'sustainable digital ecosystem', 'digital store partners', 'healthy music ecosystem', 'digital music experts', 'unique digital expertise', 'light touch marketing', 'digital service providers', 'class proprietary technology', 'Automated Solutions offering', 'global technology platform', 'Premium Solutions services', '€1bn yearly DMS', 'diverse, equitable', 'streaming partners', 'class products', 'strong, thriving', 'multi-tier offering', 'vibrant music', 'music industry', 'Music creators', 'Amazon Music', 'Global Head', 'local artists', 'various solutions', 'digital world', 'original vision', 'best partner', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'two hearts', 'deep relationships', 'great results', 'Lyor Cohen', 'Jeremy Erlich', 'Vice President', 'valued partner', 'fan bases', 'Rishi Mirchandani', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'Press contacts', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'royalty payment', 'Artist Solutions', 'sustainable careers', 'commercial strategy', 'promotion strategy', 'continuous success', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Yousr ABASSI', 'Artist Services', 'top artists', '1 million artists', 'self-releasing artists', 'independent artists', 'The Group', 'incredible milestone', 'Manon JESSUA', '1 DMS', 'Believe', 'model', 'labels', 'stages', 'testament', 'appeal', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'tribute', 'strength', 'fans', 'people', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'innovation', 'audiences', 'streams', 'DIY', 'future', 'TuneCore', '150 stores', 'mid-level', 'distribution', 'execution', 'development', 'YouTube', 'sign', 'commitment', 'mission', 'Congratulations', 'Spotify', 'work', 'Licensing', 'opportunities', 'ways', '1,610 employees', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'agenceproches', 'Cell', 'revenue', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17938,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/571166-euroclear-profits-russian-frozen-assets/,EU clearing house profits on frozen Russian assets,Nearly half of Euroclear’s net profit last year came from interest earned on blocked Russian funds  according to the company Read Full Article at RT.com,Roughly half of Euroclear’s earnings in 2022 came from interest on funds that belong to RussiansA major EU securities transactions company  Euroclear  reported a record-high net profit in its 2022 earnings report on Wednesday.According to the company  its earnings amounted to €1.2 billion ($1.3 billion)  a 162% increase on the previous year. It noted that €597 million ($641 million) or roughly a half of those earnings came from operations with Russian assets that have been frozen under EU sanctions against Moscow.The Belgium-based firm settles and clears securities trades carried out on European exchanges  and serves as a central securities depository for financial institutions that operate on European markets. The company ceased transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) and blocked NSD accounts within its system following sanctions against the Russian clearing house in mid-2022. The move effectively made Russians unable to access their assets held within Euroclear.Throughout the year  dividends  coupon payments and redemptions on securities that belong to Russians have been piling up on Euroclear accounts. The bank estimated that as of the end of 2022  its balance sheet increased by €99 billion compared to 2021  to €124 billion. The funds  in accordance with the company's risk strategy  were invested  bringing in a cumulative income of €821 million.“Cash balances increased materially as a consequence of the international sanctions on Russia... The international sanctions and Russian countermeasures resulted in a loss of activities from sanctioned clients and Russian securities which impacted business income ” Euroclear said  noting  however  that the accumulated interest income “more than made up” for any losses.“Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions. The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023 ” the company predicted.Russian investors first faced problems with conducting transactions and receiving payments on foreign securities in early March last year  even before the NSD was sanctioned  as foreign clearing houses halted transfers while waiting for clarifications on anti-Russia restrictions from authorities.The NSD has been trying for months to obtain permits for the release of Russian funds from the clearing systems. In December  regulators in Belgium and Luxembourg issued such permits  after which the NSD and a number of other Russian brokers applied for the release of funds.However  experts say the permits do not guarantee Russian investors will see their money in the near future  as there is uncertainty around the procedure of their withdrawal. Also  there have been calls within the EU and the broader West to seize the frozen Russian funds and use them for the reconstruction of Ukraine.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['EU clearing house profits', 'frozen Russian assets', 'major EU securities transactions company', 'prevailing interest rate environment', 'record-high net profit', 'National Settlement Depository', 'central securities depository', 'other Russian brokers', 'foreign clearing houses', 'Russian clearing house', 'foreign securities', 'Russian securities', 'clearing systems', 'securities trades', 'interest income', 'Russian countermeasures', 'Russian investors', 'EU sanctions', 'Belgium-based firm', 'European exchanges', 'financial institutions', 'European markets', 'balance sheet', 'risk strategy', 'cumulative income', 'Cash balances', 'business income', 'slower pace', 'early March', 'anti-Russia restrictions', 'near future', 'broader West', 'business section', 'Russian assets', 'Russian funds', 'previous year', 'a half', 'international sanctions', '2022 earnings report', 'NSD accounts', 'Future earnings', 'The NSD', 'coupon payments', 'Euroclear accounts', 'Russians', 'Wednesday', '162% increase', 'operations', 'Moscow', 'mid-2022', 'move', 'dividends', 'redemptions', 'bank', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'loss', 'activities', 'clients', 'evolution', 'Board', 'problems', 'transfers', 'clarifications', 'authorities', 'months', 'permits', 'release', 'December', 'regulators', 'Luxembourg', 'number', 'experts', 'money', 'uncertainty', 'procedure', 'withdrawal', 'calls', 'reconstruction', 'Ukraine', 'stories', 'economy', 'finance']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,rt.com
17939,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Record-year-for-Euroclear-as-sanction-hit-Russian-cashpile-balloons-42927796/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons,(marketscreener.com) Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clien…,"LONDON  Feb 8 (Reuters) - Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clients.The European Union ordered Belgium-based Euroclear  a core part of the global financial system's critical plumbing  to cut ties with Russian customers in February last year.That led to a loss of income for Euroclear that was more than offset by interest on Russian cash from blocked coupon payments on bonds and redemptions  building up on its balance sheet at a time of rising interest rates.Due to Western sanctions  Euroclear's balance sheet rose by 99 billion euros ($106.37 billion) to 124 billion euros in 2022  with interest on the Russian cash alone totalling 821 million euros.""Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions "" Euroclear said in a statement.""The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023.""It said various counterparties from Russia have turned to the courts in Russia and the European Union to challenge Euroclear in a bid to recover frozen payments.In case these lawsuits have any material impact  the company said it had decided to separate the sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the companys performance and resources.The unexpected profit from sanctions will be managed prudently and not be distributed to shareholders ""until the situation becomes clearer""  Euroclear said.Euroclear is owned by shareholders such as JP Morgan  Societe Generale  HSBC  Morgan Stanley  Sumitomo  London Stock Exchange Group and Euronext  with the top 20 owning 80% of the company.Settlement refers to the final leg of a stock or bond trade  along with the safekeeping of customer assets  which totalled 35.6 trillion euros in 2022.Total operating income grew by 21% to 1.95 billion euros in 2022  when earnings per share rose 30% to 191.7 euros  with a proposed dividend of 115.5 euros per share  up 31%.Excluding the impact of the Russian sanctions  adjusted net profit rose by 32% to 603 million euros as the company diversifies through acquisitions into new areas like funds distribution.($1 = 0.9308 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Bernadette Baum)",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'prevailing interest rate environment', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'global financial system', 'underlying financial results', 'rising interest rates', 'securities settlement house', 'Total operating income', 'The European Union', 'interest income', 'financial ties', 'unprecedented moves', 'record year', 'disgruntled clients', 'core part', 'critical plumbing', 'Russian customers', 'Russian cash', 'balance sheet', 'slower pace', 'various counterparties', 'unexpected profit', 'JP Morgan', 'Societe Generale', 'Morgan Stanley', 'final leg', 'bond trade', 'customer assets', 'net profit', 'new areas', 'funds distribution', 'Huw Jones', 'Bernadette Baum', 'coupon payments', '99 billion euros', '124 billion euros', '821 million euros', 'Future earnings', 'frozen payments', 'sanction-related earnings', '35.6 trillion euros', '1.95 billion euros', '603 million euros', 'material impact', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian sanctions', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', '191.7 euros', '115.5 euros', '0.9308 euros', 'Reuters', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Wednesday', 'lawsuits', 'February', 'loss', 'bonds', 'redemptions', 'time', 'evolution', 'statement', 'Board', 'courts', 'bid', 'case', 'company', 'performance', 'resources', 'shareholders', 'situation', 'HSBC', 'Sumitomo', 'Euronext', 'top', 'safekeeping', 'acquisitions', 'Editing', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17940,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2604137/0/en/Inside-Information-Nexstim-Plc-applies-for-delisting-regarding-the-secondary-listing-of-its-shares-from-Nasdaq-First-North-Growth-Market-Sweden.html,Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the secondary listing of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,Company Announcement  Inside Information  Helsinki  8 February 2023 at 5 PM (EET)  Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the......,"English Finnish SwedishCompany Announcement  Inside Information  Helsinki  8 February 2023 at 5 PM (EET)Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the secondary listing of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNexstim Plc shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the trading code: NXTMH (ISIN code: FI4000506811)Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX  NXTMS:STO) (""Nexstim"" or ""Company"") has applied for delisting of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”).When adopting the decision on applying for the delisting  the Board of Directors considered the development of trading since the company listed its shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden in 2014  noting the low level of trading volumes as well as the small number of current shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB. The Company has also considered the additional costs related to maintaining this secondary listing for a company of its size as well as the administrative burden of complying with the listing rules of another market in addition to its home market in Finland.The Company wants to remind Nexstim’s shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in the Company’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In order to effectuate such cross-border settlement  the shareholders should contact their respective custodian or Nexstim’s Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB (info@aqurat.se) for more information.The last day of trading on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden is expected to be April 15  2023. More information about the delisting will be provided once Nasdaq Sweden has decided on the application.Further information is available on the website www.nexstim.com  or by contacting:Mikko Karvinen  CEO+358 50 326 4101mikko.karvinen@nexstim.comThe Company’s Certified Advisor is Erik Penser Bank.About Nexstim PlcNexstim is a Finnish  globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company. Our mission is to enable personalized and effective diagnostics and therapies for challenging brain diseases and disorders.Nexstim has developed a world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology for navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation (nTMS) with highly sophisticated 3D navigation providing accurate and personalized targeting of the TMS to the specific area of the brain.Nexstim’s Diagnostics Business focuses on commercialization of the Navigated Brain Stimulation (NBS) system. The NBS system is the only FDA cleared and CE marked navigated TMS system for pre-surgical mapping of the speech and motor cortices of the brain.Nexstim’s Therapy Business markets and sells the Navigated Brain Therapy (NBT®) system  which is FDA cleared for marketing and commercial distribution for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the United States. In Europe  the NBT® system is CE marked for the treatment of major depression and chronic neuropathic pain.Nexstim shares are listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden.For more information  please visit www.nexstim.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nexstim Plc', 'secondary listing', 'Information', 'delisting', 'shares', 'Finnish, globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'English Finnish Swedish Company Announcement', 'Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB', 'world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation', 'Nasdaq Sweden', 'Erik Penser Bank', 'sophisticated 3D navigation', 'chronic neuropathic pain', 'major depressive disorder', 'challenging brain diseases', 'Therapy Business markets', 'The NBS system', 'home market', 'aqurat.se', 'Nexstim Plc shares', 'Brain Therapy', 'The Company', 'NBS) system', 'Diagnostics Business', 'major depression', 'book-entry system', 'NBT®) system', 'NBT® system', 'ISIN code', 'low level', 'small number', 'additional costs', 'administrative burden', 'cross-border settlement', 'respective custodian', 'last day', 'Certified Advisor', 'effective diagnostics', 'specific area', 'pre-surgical mapping', 'motor cortices', 'commercial distribution', 'United States', 'secondary listing', 'listing rules', 'TMS system', 'trading code', 'trading volumes', 'Mikko Karvinen', 'personalized targeting', 'More information', 'Further information', 'current shareholders', 'Nexstim shares', 'Helsinki', '8 February', 'delisting', 'NXTMH', 'NXTMS', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'development', 'size', 'April', 'application', 'website', 'CEO', 'disorders', 'nTMS', 'accurate', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'speech', 'marketing', 'treatment', 'MDD', 'Europe', 'Attachment', '5']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17941,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/euroclear-group-delivers-another-record-year-301741362.html,Euroclear group delivers another record year,Continued strategic progress while navigating an exceptional operating environment BRUSSELS  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Results for the Year Ending 31 December 2022 Highlights Record performance in an exceptional operating environment Euroclear delivered a …,"Continued strategic progress while navigating an exceptional operating environmentBRUSSELS  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Results for the Year Ending 31 December 2022HighlightsRecord performance in an exceptional operating environmentEuroclear delivered a record business and financial performance in 2022  demonstrating its resilience against a challenging backdrop.In 2022  both equity and fixed-income valuations declined for the first time since 1969  with high levels of volatility  lower equity volumes  and lower funds market performance.High levels of inflation led to rising interest rates across major international markets and increased expense levels.New strategic vision with ambitious targets to grow stakeholder valueEuroclear defined its corporate purpose as: "" We innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth .""."" Set out a long-term vision to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure: an open  shared platform providing services to all market players.Launched a new strategy with core client focus  while further developing ESG  data and digital capabilities  as well as expanding global business.Strategy is expected to further diversify the business model and generate value for clients  employees  shareholders  and society.Strong underlying business and financial performanceBusiness income (which is the income generated by fees) grew by 5% to EUR 1 607 million reflecting the resilience of the subscription-like model. Rising interest rates enhanced revenues generated through interest income  adding to the resilience of the model. Excluding earnings related to Russia sanctions  interest income rose by 289% to EUR 348 million .reflecting the resilience of the subscription-like model. Rising interest rates enhanced revenues generated through interest income  adding to the resilience of the model. Excluding earnings related to sanctions  interest income rose by 289% to . Total operating income grew by 21% underlying to EUR 1 955 million .. Underlying operating expenses increased by 15% to EUR 1 133 million   reflecting inflationary pressures and increased investment to both implement the strategy and increase further business resilience.Implications of sanctions related to Russian invasion of UkraineResulted in market-wide application of international sanctions related to Russia   and as a financial market infrastructure Euroclear complied with those sanctions.  and as a financial market infrastructure Euroclear complied with those sanctions. Co-operating with clients and other involved stakeholders to address market challenges that Russian countermeasures continue to impose.Despite a material growth in Euroclear Bank's balance sheet and additional interest income  normal business operations have been maintained.Euroclear remains prudent in its management of the sanctions and their implications. Russia sanction-related earnings are segregated from underlying performance and are not distributed while uncertainties persist.Growing shareholder returns through underlying business performanceUnderlying EPS increased by 30% to EUR 191.7 per share  reflecting growth in net profit after adjusting for results related to the implementation of international sanctions.per share  reflecting growth in net profit after adjusting for results related to the implementation of international sanctions. Proposed dividend per share of EUR 115.5   increased by 31%  maintaining the payout ratio at 60% of the underlying earnings  in line with last year.Financial summaryEuroclear delivered a record financial performance in 2022. The underlying results benefited from continued delivery on the group's strategy and its diversified  resilient business model.The group also reported higher interest earnings due to rising interest rates on cash balances. Cash balances increased materially as a consequence of the international sanctions on Russia.Full year 2022 net profit increased 162% to EUR 1 201 million  of which EUR 603 million resulted from the underlying business performance.Euroclear Holding(€ m)FY 2021FY 2022RussiansanctionsimpactsFY 2022UnderlyingUnderlyingvs 2021Operating income1 6152 7698141 955340 21 % Business income1 5251 600-71 60782 5 % Interest  banking & other income901 170821348259 289 %Operating expenses-988-1 152-20-1 133-145 -15 %Operating profit before Impairment6271 617795823195 31 %-1Impairment-16-12-1-124Pre tax profit6111 605794811199 33 % Tax-153-405-197-207-55 -36 % Net profit4581 201597603145 32 %EPS147.0381.4191.7Business income operating margin35.2 %28.0 %29.5 %EBITDA margin (EBITDA/oper.income)45.6 %62.3 %47.7 %Note: 2021 figures (except for EPS) have been restated to include MFEX pro forma  in order to allow like-for-like comparison.Year-to-date operating income was up 71% year-on-year to EUR 2 769 million  of which EUR 1 955 million related to the underlying business performance.An increase of 159% in earnings per share to EUR 381.4 per share  reflected the increase in net profit. On an underlying basis  earnings per share grew to EUR 191.7.The group maintains a strong capital position and a low-risk profile  which are critical as a financial market infrastructure and create headroom for further growth.2022 Operating EnvironmentIn 2022 financial markets experienced negative returns from both equities and fixed income for the first time in over 50 years. Equity markets were characterised by higher levels of volatility and lower traded volumes. The funds industry was also affected by the fall in value of the underlying assets.The fragile external context  already impacted by the pandemic over the previous two years  was further impacted by rising geopolitical tensions. Most notably  the invasion of Ukraine by Russia led to a raft of international sanctions being imposed on capital market entities and individuals.Inflation increased across international economies  with central banks responding by raising interest rates throughout the year.The consequence of the operating environment is shown below in the group's key operating metrics.FY 2022 % change vs FY 2021 Assets under Custody EUR 35.6 trillion -6 % Number of transactions 304 million +3 % Turnover (Value of transactions processed) EUR 1 066 trillion +7 % Fund assets under custody EUR 2.8 trillion -11 % Collateral Highway EUR 1.8 trillion -7 %Progressing on our new strategic vision to grow stakeholder valueIn 2022  management and the Board defined Euroclear's corporate purpose  an ambitious long-term vision and a five-year business strategy. Euroclear's purpose to innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth  combined with its culture and values  underpins the long-term aspiration to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure.To realise this vision  Euroclear will continue to build an open  shared platform providing a catalogue of services to all market stakeholders and complemented by third parties. Euroclear's aim is to evolve the current market model to provide efficiencies that deliver more client value  building on previous successes in collateral and funds.Through its strategy  the group will continue to focus on meeting the evolving needs of all financial market participants from issuers to investors. In addition  Euroclear will increase its focus on ESG  data-driven and digital innovations and expanding its global reach.The strategy will be enabled by Euroclear's people and its technology  with increased investments ongoing to extend the group's capabilities  with a particular focus on strengthening and modernising the group's technology.In addition  greater emphasis is placed on M&A to accelerate the strategy and to provide enhanced capabilities to the group's service offering. Several steps have been taken through the course of 2022 to rollout the M&A strategy  including the investments in Greenomy  Impact Cubed  Fnality and Goji as well as the ongoing integration of MFEX. The Goji acquisition is novel  as it is the first time Euroclear will be operating in the digitalisation of private assets space  in effect a new asset class in its books.The integration of MFEX remains on track despite the challenging external context for the funds industry given lower equity  fixed-income and fund valuations. The combination of MFEX with the existing Euroclear funds business  and alternative investments through Goji  provides a compelling vision for a comprehensive end-to-end funds offering.Ambitious metrics have been outlined to measure the implementation of the strategy over the next five years. The strategy is expected to further diversify the business model and generate value for clients  employees  shareholders  and society  in line with Euroclear's corporate purpose.Underlying Business PerformanceExcluding the impact of the Russian sanctions  Euroclear's underlying business continues to perform strongly. Adjusted net profit rose by 32% to EUR 603 million.Business income was up 5% to EUR 1 607 million  reflecting continued growth of Euroclear's business lines.The diversification of our business provided a hedge against market volatility. The impact of lower equity markets is mitigated by the group's diversified and subscription-like business model. Approximately three quarters of the group's business income is decoupled from financial market valuations.In addition  interest  banking and other income increased by 289% to EUR 348 million on an underlying basis  benefitting from rising interest rates.Underlying operating expenses increased to EUR 1 133 million  up 15% compared to the prior year  partly due to inflation on costs but also as Euroclear continued to invest in its technology and service offering. As well as enhancing Euroclear's client proposition and resilience  the investments in Euroclear's technology are expected to increase efficiency through standardisation and modernisation.Inflationary pressures on costs  as well as the broader impact of the macro-economic environment  are monitored at the level of each of operating entity. Only Euroclear Bank benefits directly from the compensating effect of higher interest rates.Euroclear continues to expect expenditure to remain above its ""through-the-cycle"" target of 4-6% p.a. in 2023  due to accelerating investment in both its strategy and the resilience of the business  coupled with continued inflationary pressures on the cost base. However  profitability is expected to rise as inflation headwinds are more than offset by higher net interest income from subsequent rate increases.Implications of Russian sanctionsRussia's invasion of Ukraine resulted in market-wide application of international sanctions  which had a material impact on Euroclear's financial market infrastructure.As a regulated entity with a critical role in the operation of global financial markets  Euroclear takes its responsibility of complying with sanctions very seriously. Well established processes are in place which have allowed the group to implement the sanctions while maintaining the normal course of business.There is  however  additional complexity because the package of sanctions is wide-ranging and  moreover  Russia does not recognise the international sanctions and has implemented its own economic countermeasures. Euroclear maintains regular dialogue with clients and other impacted stakeholders in managing the market issues and implication of Russian countermeasures.The international sanctions and Russian countermeasures resulted in a loss of activities from sanctioned clients and Russian securities which impacted business income. It is more than offset by increased interest income.The cash on the balance sheet has increased as blocked coupon payments and redemptions accumulate. At the end of December 2022  Euroclear Bank's balance sheet increased by EUR 99 billion year-on-year to a total of EUR 124 billion.As per Euroclear's standard process  which is the same for any client's long cash balances  the cash balances arising from the sanctions are invested to minimise credit risk. Over 2022  interest arising on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets was EUR 821 million.Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions. The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023.As previously outlined  while the Russian sanctions materially impact the balance sheet  the impact on the group's capital ratios is not expected to be significant. Euroclear maintains a strong capital position.The nature of the activities undertaken as a financial market infrastructure has led various parties to contest the sanctions and countermeasures  as well as their application  with legal proceedings ongoing in both the European Union and Russia. While not presently considered a material risk and having limited financial impact  the probability has increased that financial impacts arise  which may result in a possible post balance sheet event. As such  the Board considers it necessary to separate the sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the company's performance and resources.The Board recognises that the unexpected profit should be managed prudently  in line with its corporate purpose and considering its responsibilities towards stakeholders and society  as well as a more uncertain risk environment. Euroclear continues to act in a transparent manner with all authorities involved. The Board will continue to act cautiously by not distributing any profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer.Responsibility to our people and societyThe newly articulated corporate purpose and strategy recognises Euroclear's responsibilities to its communities and society. Management and the Board would like to thank colleagues for the way in which they responded to the challenges of the past year  while also adapting to a new hybrid way of working.Having established a group sustainability office in 2021  this year Euroclear set out a pathway to reach its net zero science-based targets. This includes setting near term 2030 goals to cut absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 55%  from a 2019 base year.Shareholder returnsThe Board considers the core of the group's performance to be the underlying business performance and shareholder returns are assessed on this basis.Underlying EPS increased by 30% to 191.7 per share  reflecting growth in net profit after adjusting for results related to the implementation of international sanctions.The Board signals its intention to pay dividend per share to EUR 115.5 in the third quarter. This represents an increase of 31% and maintains the payout ratio at 60% of the underlying earnings  in line with last year.Commenting on the resultsLieve Mostrey  Chief Executive Officer  Euroclear""Throughout 2022  Euroclear has continued to innovate to bring safety  efficiency and connections to the financial markets for sustainable economic growth.I would like to extend my gratitude to our people  together with our clients and partners  for their continued efforts in navigating the extraordinary circumstances that we faced last year. Our business has once again demonstrated its robust model  internal structures and processes  and agility when facing new challenges.Looking forward  I am encouraged by the progress already made in implementing our new business strategy  which gives us confidence as we strive towards our long-term aim to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure.""Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/832898/Euroclear_Logo.jpgSOURCE Euroclear",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.15,0.5,True,English,"['Euroclear group', 'record year', 'lower funds market performance', 'data-enabled financial market infrastructure', 'diversified, resilient business model', 'Business income operating margin', 'open, shared platform', 'core client focus', 'Growing shareholder returns', 'normal business operations', 'exceptional operating environment', 'lower equity volumes', 'other involved stakeholders', 'rising interest rates', 'Strong underlying business', 'Total operating income', 'underlying business performance', 'sustainable economic growth', 'major international markets', 'additional interest income', 'record financial performance', 'New strategic vision', 'higher interest earnings', 'Pre tax profit', 'Russia sanction-related earnings', 'financial markets', 'underlying performance', 'record business', 'market players', 'market challenges', 'EBITDA margin', 'Record performance', '21 % Business income', 'Operating profit', 'other income', 'global business', 'operating expenses', 'Financial summary', 'strategic progress', 'long-term vision', 'underlying earnings', 'oper.income', 'net profit', 'challenging backdrop', 'fixed-income valuations', 'first time', 'high levels', 'expense levels', 'ambitious targets', 'corporate purpose', 'inflationary pressures', 'Russian invasion', 'market-wide application', 'Russian countermeasures', 'balance sheet', 'payout ratio', 'continued delivery', 'cash balances', 'business resilience', 'new strategy', 'material growth', 'underlying results', 'international sanctions', 'last year', 'Full year', 'Russian sanctions', 'stakeholder value', 'digital capabilities', 'Russia sanctions', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Euroclear Holding', '82 5 % Interest', '199 33 % Tax', 'BRUSSELS', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Highlights', 'volatility', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'connections', 'services', 'ESG', 'clients', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'fees', 'revenues', 'investment', 'Implications', 'Ukraine', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'EPS', 'implementation', 'line', 'group', 'consequence', 'FY', 'impacts', 'banking', 'Impairment', '1,600', '1.']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,prnewswire.com
17942,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-fourth-quarter-2022-052500929.html,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2022 full year results,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 Press releaseParis  8 February 2023 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES Record revenues up by +9.3%(1) vs. 2021  driven...,Société GénéraleRESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022Press releaseParis  8 February 2023EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINESRecord revenues up by +9.3%(1) vs. 2021  driven by historical highs in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  sharp growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking  and a solid performance by French Retail BankingStrong improvement in the cost to income ratio to 61.0%(1) (vs. 64.4%(1) in 2021)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution FundCost of risk at 28 basis points  with a low level of defaults at 17 basis points and continued prudent provisioning resulting in provisions on performing loans of EUR 3.8bn at end-December 2022Underlying Group net income of EUR 5.6bn(1) (EUR 2.0bn on a reported basis including the impact of the disposal of Rosbank and its Russian subsidiaries)  underlying profitability of 9.6%(1) (ROTE)SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTSIn Q4 22  underlying gross operating income came to EUR 2.2bn(1) +14.9% vs. Q4 21Underlying Group net income at EUR 1.1bn(1) (EUR 1.2bn on a reported basis)  underlying profitability at 7.6%(1)CET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-2022  around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirementDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSDistribution of EUR 1.8bn  equivalent to EUR 2.25 per share(3) (4)  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share to be proposed at the General Meeting a share buyback programme   of approximately EUR 440m  equivalent to around EUR 0.55 per shareFINANCIAL TARGETS2025: financial targets confirmed  notably a cost to income ratio below 62%  expected profitability of 10% (ROTE) based on a CET1 ratio target of 12% post Basel IV2023: a transition year  with the negative impacts related to the end of the TLTRO benefit and to the specific functioning of the French retail banking marketUnderlying cost to income ratio (1)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  expected at between 66% and 68%Cost of risk is expected at between 30 and 35 basis points(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Phased-in ratio (fully-loaded ratio of 13.3%)  (3) Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31/12/2022  (4) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECBStory continuesMAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS IN STRATEGIC INITIATIVESDecisive milestones achieved in the merger of the retail banking networks in France  resulting in the legal merger - on schedule - of the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks on 1 January 2023 and the launch of a new retail bank in FranceAccelerated development of Boursorama  with record annual new client growth of 1.4 million  taking the total number of clients to 4.7 million at end-2022Plans on track to create global leaders in sustainable mobility and equities with the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD and the creation of the Bernstein joint ventureRapid and successful adaptation amid a complex and uncertain environment  particularly as regards the Rosbank disposal  which had limited capital impactUpscaled ESG actions and commitments by the Group  notably by integrating ESG considerations across all Group activities and a reinforcement of our decarbonisation ambitionsOngoing rollout of digital transformation initiatives and operational efficiency improvement actionsFréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2022 marked a decisive stage for the Group  which was able to deliver record underlying performances while adapting itself swiftly and efficiently to an uncertain and complex environment. Throughout the year  the Group made major strategic progress that has unlocked value. We launched the new SG retail bank resulting from the merger of our networks in France and pushed further ahead at Boursorama. The planned acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD in the mobility sector and the planned Bernstein joint venture deal for our Equities business will create global leaders. We also defined the Group’s new CSR ambitions with the aim of supporting our clients in responsible energy transition. Building on the commercial momentum of the businesses and the strength of the balance sheet  the Group is confident of being able to reap the benefit of ongoing projects and business developments  confirms its financial guidance for 2025  and is embarking with determination on 2023  a year of transition in many respects.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 6 885 6 620 +4.0% +6.2%* 28 059 25 798 +8.8% +9.7%* Underlying net banking income(1) 6 885 6 503 +5.9% +8.1%* 28 059 25 681 +9.3% +10.2%* Operating expenses (4 610) (4 565) +1.0% +3.3%* (18 630) (17 590) +5.9% +7.5%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 718) (4 617) +2.2% +4.5%* (17 991) (17 211) +4.5% +6.1%* Gross operating income 2 275 2 055 +10.7% +12.5%* 9 429 8 208 +14.9% +14.4%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 167 1 886 +14.9% +16.9%* 10 068 8 470 +18.9% +18.4%* Net cost of risk (413) (86) x 4.8 x 6.3* (1 647) (700) x 2.4 +93.0%* Operating income 1 862 1 969 -5.4% -4.7%* 7 782 7 508 +3.6% +5.3%* Underlying operating income(1) 1 754 1 800 -2.6% -1.7%* 8 421 7 770 +8.4% +10.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (4) 449 n/s n/s (3 290) 635 n/s n/s Income tax (484) (311) +55.5% +55.5%* (1 560) (1 697) -8.1% -5.8%* Net income 1 381 1 995 -30.8% -30.2%* 2 947 6 338 -53.5% -53.2%* O.w. non-controlling interests 221 208 +6.3% +7.6%* 929 697 +33.3% +32.3%* Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 -35.1% -34.5%* 2 018 5 641 -64.2% -64.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 -8.1% -7.2%* 5 616 5 264 +6.7% +7.9%* ROE 6.9% 12.1% 2.6% 9.6% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 and FY 2022.The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the methodology notes (section 9.5).Net banking incomeUnderlying net banking income(1) grew strongly in 2022 at +9.3% (+10.2%*) vs. 2021  fuelled by record performances in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  strong growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking and a solid performance by the French Retail Bank.French Retail Banking revenues grew +4.1% vs. 2021 fuelled notably by robust service fee growth and a very solid showing by Private Banking.International Retail Banking & Financial Services’ revenues rose +12.4% (+17.9%*) vs. 2021  driven by a record performance at ALD and strong growth at International Retail Banking whose revenues grew +11.5%* vs. 2021. Financial Services’ net banking income was significantly higher by +35.8%* vs. 2021  while Insurance net banking income increased by +6.5%* vs. 2021.Global Banking & Investor Solutions’ revenues were up +14.3% (+12.9%*) vs. 2021. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues posted a +18.7% increase in revenues (14.1%*) vs. 2021  while Financing & Advisory activities increased by +15.2% (+10.7%*) vs. 2021.In Q4 22  the Group continued to post robust revenue growth of +5.9% (+8.1%*) vs. Q4 21.Operating expensesIn 2022  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 630 million on a reported basis and EUR 17 991 million on an underlying basis (restated for transformation costs)  i.e.  an increase of +4.5% vs. 2021 (on an underlying basis).The rise can be mainly attributed to the EUR 864 million contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  and increase of EUR 278 million  currency effects  notably in US dollars and a rise in the variable components of employee remuneration associated with higher revenues.Underlying(1) gross operating income increased by +18.9% to EUR 10 068 million in 2022  while the underlying(1) cost to income ratio (excluding the Single Resolution Fund) posted a 3.4 point improvement to 61.0% (vs. 64.4% in 2021).In Q4 22  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 610 million on a reported basis and EUR 4 718 million on an underlying basis (restated for the linearisation of IFRIC 21 and transformation costs)  i.e.  a limited increase of +2.2% vs. Q4 21.Excluding the Single Resolution Fund  the underlying(1) cost to income ratio is expected to range between 66% and 68% in 2023  based notably on normalised revenues in Global Markets.Cost of riskThe cost of risk remained moderate at 28 basis points in Q4 22  or EUR 413 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans which remains limited at EUR 346 million (23 basis points)  and an additional provision on performing loans of EUR 67 million (5 basis points).Over the full year  the cost of risk amounted to 28 basis points  landing below the guidance of between 30 and 35 basis points.Offshore exposure to Russia was reduced to EUR 1.8 billion of EAD (Exposure At Default) at 31 December 2022  i.e.  a decrease of around -45% since 31 December 2021. Exposure at risk on this portfolio is estimated at less than EUR 0.6 billion  compared with less than EUR 1 billion for the previous quarter. Total associated provisions stood at EUR 427 million at end-December 2022.Moreover  at end-December 2022  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank amounted to less than EUR 0.1 billion  corresponding mainly to guarantees and letters of credit.The Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 769 million at end-December  an increase of EUR 414 million in 2022.The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.8%(2) at 31 December 2022  down 10 basis points vs. 31 December 2021. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 48%(3) at 31 December 2022.The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to range between 30 and 35 basis points.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) NPL ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateralGroup net incomeIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264As a % Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2%Earnings per share amounts to EUR 1.73 in 2022 (EUR 5.97 in 2021). Underlying earnings per share amounts to EUR 6.10 over the same period (EUR 5.52 in 2021).Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved its distribution policy to an equivalent of EUR 2.25 per share(2). A cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 May 2023. The dividend will be detached on 30 May 2023 and paid out on 1 June 2023.The Group is also planning to launch a share buyback programme for a total of around EUR 440 million  i.e.  equivalent to EUR 0.55 per share. The rollout of the programme is conditional on receiving the usual clearances from the ECB.Considering the strong financial performance in 2022 and an exceptional year  this distribution level ensures on one hand a fair remuneration of shareholders  and on the other hand  further strengthens the Group CET 1 ratio.Upscaled ESG actions and commitments by the GroupThe Group defined its new CSR ambition in 2022 and committed to accelerating the decarbonisation of its business portfolios. It also adopted a global approach to preserve biodiversity  enhance positive local impact and deploy an ESG culture to support clients in responsible social and energy transition.On this score  Societe Generale strengthened its ambitions to reduce finance for the most carbon-emissive sectors by setting new targets for upstream oil and gas. We are committed to reducing our exposure by -20% out to 2025 vs. 2019 and to scaling down scope 3 carbon emissions by -30% out to 2030 vs. 2019. Likewise  Societe Generale is targeting power generation emission intensity of 125g of Co2/KWh out to 2030. During 2022  the Group fixed a new sustainable finance contribution target of EUR 300 billion out to 2025. At end-2022  the bank had already exceeded the EUR 100 billion mark.The bank has also implemented several sectorial initiatives such as playing an active role in market coalitions destined to establish a common financing framework on aluminium  steel and aviation  and being at the forefront of rapid-growth economies  such as hydrogen. Societe Generale also increased the weight of biodiversity concerns when managing new commitments involving agriculture and logging operations by giving them greater prominence in its activities  and by taking active part in market initiatives to create common frameworks.Last  to integrate ESG considerations within the Group  Societe Generale launched a vast internal programme to make ESG culture second nature among its employees  notably by rolling out an extensive training programme and making ESG transformation operational as part of the “ESG by Design” strategic project.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECBTHE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 65.1 billion at 31 December 2021). Net asset value per share was EUR 70.5 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 62.3.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 487 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 1 464 billion at 31 December 2021). The net amount of customer loan outstandings  including lease financing  was EUR 496 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 488 billion at 31 December 2021) – excluding assets and securities purchased under resale agreements. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 524 billion vs. EUR 502 billion at 31 December 2021 (excluding assets and securities sold under repurchase agreements).At 31 December 2022  the parent company had issued EUR 44 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 4.9 years and an average spread of 59 bps (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 2.7 billion. In total  the Group had issued EUR 46.7 billion of medium/long-term debt.The LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) was well above regulatory requirements at 141% at end-December 2022 (145% on average in Q4)  vs. 129% at end-December 2021. At the same time  the NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio) was at a level of 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to EUR 360.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 363.4 billion at end-December 2021) according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk represent 83.4% of the total  at EUR 300.7 billion  down 1.4% vs. 31 December 2021.At 31 December 2022  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET1 ratio at 31 December 2022 includes an effect of +17 basis points for phasing of the IFRS 9 impact. Excluding this effect  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.3%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.3% at end-September 2022 (15.9% at end-December 2021) and the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (18.8% at end-December 2021).The leverage ratio stood at 4.4% at 31 December 2022 (4.9% at end-December 2021  including ~40 basis points for the European Central Bank’s transitional measures which ended in March 2022).With a level of 33.7% of RWA and 9.0% of leverage exposure at end-December 2022  the Group’s TLAC ratio is above the Financial Stability Board’s requirements for 2022. At 31 December 2022  the Group also exceeded its 2022 MREL requirements of 25.31% of RWA and 5.91% of leverage exposure.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) Fitch Ratings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short- term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 219 2 221 -0.1% 8 839 8 489 +4.1% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 2 174 2 200 -1.2% 8 647 8 450 +2.3% Operating expenses (1 717) (1 688) +1.7% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 773) (1 731) +2.4% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Gross operating income 502 533 -5.8% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Underlying gross operating income(1) 446 490 -9.0% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Net cost of risk (219) 20 n/s (483) (125) x 3.9 Operating income 283 553 -48.8% 1 883 2 116 -11.0% Net profits or losses from other assets 51 21 x 2.4 57 23 x 2.5 Reported Group net income 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% Underlying Group net income(1) 208 383 -45.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% RONE 7.9% 14.0% 11.6% 12.9% Underlying RONE(1) 6.6% 12.9% 11.6% 12.9%(1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Includes activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorSociete Generale and Crédit du Nord networksAverage loan outstandings were +1.6% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 213 billion. Home loan outstandings rose +1.2% vs. Q4 21. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers were +2.4% higher than in Q4 21.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits including BMTN (negotiable medium-term notes) contracted by -2.6% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 235 billion.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio stood at 91% in Q4 22 vs. 87% in Q4 21.Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 109 billion at end-December 2022  unchanged year-on-year (with the unit-linked share accounting for 32%). Gross life insurance inflow amounted to EUR 1.8 billion in Q4 22.Personal protection insurance premiums were up +4% vs. Q4 21 and property/casualty insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q4 21.On 1 January 2023  Societe Generale Group performed the legal merger of its two French retail banking networks  Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord. SG is henceforth the Group’s new retail bank in France. SG bank’s ambition is to create a top-tier banking partner  serving 10 million clients in the French market and ranking among the Top 3 for customer satisfaction.BoursoramaThe bank enjoyed a new client acquisition record  attracting more than 1.4 million new clients in 2022 (2x the 2021 level)  including nearly 396 000 in Q4 22 alone. The bank consolidated its position as the leading online bank in France  with almost 4.7 million clients at end-December 2022  and a target of more than 5.5 million clients at the end of 2023. In the meantime  the acquisition cost per client contracted by around -20% relative to 2021.Average outstanding loans rose +14.4% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 16 billion. Home loan outstandings were up +14.0% vs. Q4 21  while consumer loan outstandings climbed +18.0% vs. Q4 21.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +38.1% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 49 billion  with deposits rising by a sharp +43.3% vs. Q4 21 on back of organic growth and the onboarding of ING clients. Brokerage recorded more than 1.5 million transactions in Q4 22 alone.Boursorama reinforced its day-to day banking operations with a +44% growth notably in payments vs. Q4 21.Private BankingPrivate Banking activities  which were transferred to French Retail Banking at the beginning of 2022  cover private banking activities in France and internationally. Assets under management totalled EUR 147 billion at Q4 22. Asset inflow growth rose +4% in 2022 relative to end-2021. Net banking income amounted to EUR 296 million in Q4 22 (+7.6% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 278 million over the full year (+15.9% vs. 2021).Net banking incomeIn Q4 22  revenues totalled EUR 2 219 million  stable vs. Q4 21  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  was down -1.8% vs. Q4 21  impacted primarily by the higher interest rate on regulated savings and the usury rate  which was partly offset by TLTRO benefits. Fees increased by +1.9% vs. Q4 21  driven by the +5% rise vs. Q4 21 in service and financial fees in the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks.In 2022  revenuestotalled EUR 8 839 million  up +4.1% vs. 2021  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  were up +2.9% vs. 2021. Fees were +5.6% higher than in 2021  benefiting from strong growth in service and financial fees.In respect of the outlook  2023 will be a transition year with decreased revenues due to the negative impacts of the end of the TLTRO benefit for around EUR 0.3bn vs. 2022  the specific functioning of the French market that will continue to curb loan production due to the usury rate  as was also the case in 2022  and the continued rise in the regulated savings rate that will have an impact on net banking income of around EUR 50m for each 25 basis point increase. Furthermore  net interest margin hedges that will gradually mature as of 2024 will deprive us in 2023 of the benefit of increased savings.Operating expensesQuarterly operating expenses totalled EUR 1 717 million (+1.7% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 773 million on an underlying basis (+2.4% vs. Q4 21). Operating expenses  which were adjusted for the Value Sharing Premium (PPV) provision  contracted by -0.7% vs. Q4 21. The cost to income ratio stood at 77% for Q4 22.In 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 473 million (+3.6% vs. 2021). The cost to income ratio stood at 73%  down 0.4 points vs. 2021.Cost of riskIn Q4 22  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 219 million or 35 basis points. It was higher than in Q4 21 (by 3 basis points).In 2022  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 483 million or 20 basis points  higher than in 2021 (by 5 basis points).Contribution to Group net IncomeIn Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 250 million in Q4 22  down -39.6% vs. Q4 21. RONE(1) stood at 6.6% in Q4 22 (8.4% excluding Boursorama).In 2022  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 1 445 million  contracting to -6.8% vs. 2021. Underlying normative RONE came to 11.6% in 2022 (13.4% excluding Boursorama).(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition of accounting data)4. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 369 2 159 +9.7% +17.4%* 9 122 8 117 +12.4% +17.9%* Operating expenses (1 100) (1 088) +1.1% +10.9%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 131) (1 112) +1.7% +11.3%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Gross operating income 1 269 1 071 +18.5% +23.4%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 238 1 047 +18.3% +23.3%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Net cost of risk (133) (96) +38.5% +68.3%* (705) (504) +39.9% +7.6%* Operating income 1 136 975 +16.5% +19.7%* 4 083 3 410 +19.7% +29.9%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 8 n/s n/s 11 18 -38.9% -36.8%* Reported Group net income 658 584 +12.7% +16.1%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 640 570 +12.3% +15.7%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* RONE 25.0% 22.2% 22.4% 20.3% Underlying RONE(1) 24.3% 21.7% 22.4% 20.3%(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted healthy momentum of EUR 88.2 billion  up +5.6%* for 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 78.5 billion  a slightly +1.4%* than 2021.For the Europe scope  outstanding loans were up +4.9%* vs. 2021 at EUR 63.8 billion  driven by positive momentum on the corporate segment in the Czech Republic (+11.0%* vs. 2021). Outstanding deposits are stable* at EUR 51.6 billion. Robust momentum in Romania (+8.3%* vs. 2021) offset the slowdown in the Czech Republic notably due to a shift in some deposits towards financial savings.In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans confirmed their solid commercial performances in Q4 22. Over the year  outstanding deposits continued to enjoy positive momentum  up by +7.5%* and +5.6%* respectively vs. 2021.In the Insurance business  life insurance outstandings showed resilience in 2022  totalling EUR 131.6 billion despite unfavourable market conditions. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings remained high at 36%. Gross life insurance savings inflow amounted to EUR 12 754 million in 2022 (42% of unit-linked products in 2022). Protection insurance saw an increase of +5.8%* vs. 2021  with good momentum for personal protection premiums that rose +8.0%* and a more minor +4.1%* increase for P&C insurance.Financial Services also enjoyed very solid momentum. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.1% vs. end-December 2021 and the number of contracts totalled 1.8 million (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus and remediation actions agreed with anti-trust authorities  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher (+2.2%) than at end-September 2021  at EUR 15 billion (excluding factoring).Net banking incomeNet banking income amounted to EUR 9 122 million over the full year  up +17.9%* vs. 2021. Net banking income came to EUR 2 369 million in Q4 22  up +17.4%* vs. Q4 21.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at 5 153 million  up +11.5%* vs. 2021. International Retail Banking’s net banking income totalled EUR 1 280 million in Q4 22  up +8.3%*.Revenues in Europe climbed +13.5%* vs. 2021  due primarily to substantial growth in net interest income (+15.7%*)  driven notably by the Czech Republic (+33.6%*) and Romania (+17.5%*). These regions benefit from increased volumes and high interest rates.The Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories scope posted revenues up +8.7%* vs. 2021 on back of net interest income (+5.0%*) and fees (+11.2%*).The Insurance business posted net banking income up +6.5%*  at EUR 1 012 million vs. 2021 driven by stronger life insurance savings and protection activities. Over the quarter  net banking income for the Insurance activity grew by +10.6%* vs. Q4 21 to EUR 263 million.Financial Services’ net banking income was substantially higher (+37.9%*) than in Q4 21  at EUR 826 million. ALD benefited again last quarter from robust commercial momentum  strong used-car sale results and the reduction of the vehicle depreciation costs in line with the current increase in vehicle values. Over the year  ALD’s net banking income was up +43%* vs. 2021 driven by positive commercial dynamics and still strong used car sales results (EUR 2 846 per unit in 2022).In 2022  Financial Services’ net banking income totalled EUR 2 957 million in 2022  up +35.8%* vs. 2021.Operating expensesOperating expenses increased by +10.0%* vs. 2021 to EUR 4 334 million  generating a positive jaws effect that produced a cost to income ratio that stood at 47.5% in 2022  which was lower than in 2021 (51.8%). In Q4 22  operating expenses rose (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) by +11.3%*(1) vs. Q4 21 to EUR 1 131 million(1) .In International Retail Banking  rising costs were kept contained over the year at +5.9%* vs. 2021 despite spiking inflation.In the Insurance business  operating expenses were up +7.2%* vs. 2021  with a cost to income ratio of 38.6%.In Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +22.1%* vs. 2021. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of charges related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition.Cost of riskIn 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 52 basis points (EUR 705 million). It was 38 basis points in 2021.In Q4 22  the cost of risk was higher at 40 basis points (EUR 133 million)  vs. 28 basis points in Q4 21.Contribution to Group net IncomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 2 376 million in 2021 (+25.6%* vs. 2021) and totalled EUR 640 million(1) in Q4 22  up 15.7%*(1) vs. Q4 21.RONE stood at 22.4% in 2022 and 24.3%(1) in Q4 22. Underlying RONE(1) was 15.1% in International Retail Banking and 30.6% in Financial Services and Insurance in 2022.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation Net banking income 2 452 2 147 +14.2% +14.7%* 10 082 8 818 +14.3% +12.9%* Operating expenses (1 469) (1 402) +4.8% +5.4%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 654) (1 523) +8.6% +9.2%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Gross operating income 983 745 +31.9% +32.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 798 624 +27.8% +28.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Net cost of risk (78) (3) x 26.0 x 102.8* (421) (65) x 6.5 x 6.1* Operating income 905 742 +22.0% +21.9%* 3 027 2 503 +20.9% +16.0%* Reported Group net income 754 621 +21.4% +21.4%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 611 528 +15.8% +15.7%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* RONE 19.1% 16.8% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying RONE(1) 15.5% 14.3% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Excludes other activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorNet banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions delivered record revenue in 2022(2)  posting revenue up by +14.3% vs. 2021 of EUR 10 082 million  driven by robust momentum across all business lines. This very sound financial performance is predominantly due to the highly successful execution of the strategic plan unveiled in May 2021  the aim of which is to create value continuously over the long term.In Q4 22  revenues jumped by +14.2% vs. Q4 21  to EUR 2 452 million.In Global Markets & Investor Services  net banking income totalled EUR 6 708 million  up +18.7% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  it amounted to EUR 1 496 million  +19.1% vs. Q4 21.Global Markets notched up a record performance(2) of EUR 5 859 million  up +17.1% vs. 2021  benefiting from robust commercial activity in a durably volatile environment  particularly with regard to interest rates. In Q4 22  revenues stood at EUR 1 222 million  +11.2% vs. Q4 21.The Equity activity recorded its best-ever year(2) in 2022  registering revenues of EUR 3 294 million   up +4.7% vs. 2021. Over the quarter  revenues contracted by -11.5% vs. Q4 21 revenues  which were comparatively very high.Amid highly volatile interest rates  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) posted a record year(2)  generating EUR 2 565 million in revenues  up +38.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  revenues rose to EUR 577 million  (+55.9% vs. Q4 21).Securities Services’ revenues grew +31.2% in 2022 to EUR 849 million  including EUR 168 million from a 2022 revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. In Q4 22  revenues climbed +74.5% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 274 million  including EUR 91 million from a revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 257 billion and EUR 580 billion  respectively.Financing & Advisory activities also posted an excellent performance  with record annual revenues of EUR 3 374 million  up +15.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  they amounted to EUR 956 million  significantly higher (+16.6%) than in Q4 21.(2) Using a comparable economic model in the post-GFC (Global Financial Crisis) regulatory regimeThe Global Banking & Advisory business grew +9.3% in 2022 and continued to capitalise on solid market momentum in Asset Finance and activities related to Natural Resources. The Asset-Backed Products platform also turned in a solid performance in 2022. By contrast  investment banking activities were negatively impacted by market conditions and falling volumes. In Q4 22  revenues grew +6.3%.Global Transaction and Payment Services posted a record performance  with revenue growth of 44.7% in 2022 on the back of very strong performances across all activities that took advantage of rising interest rates and excellent commercial performances. Over the quarter  revenues surged by +67.9% vs. Q4 21.Operating expensesIn 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 634 million (+6.1% vs. 2021). The increase can be primarily explained by a negative currency effect owing to the stronger US dollar and a rise in IFRIC 21 charges. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  operating expenses rose +2.8% vs. 2021.Consistent with a positive jaws effect  the underlying cost to income ratio excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund improved strongly to 59.6% vs. 66.3% in 2021.In Q4 22  operating costs grew +4.8% to EUR 1 469 million.Cost of riskIn 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 23 basis points (EUR 421 million).In Q4 22  the cost of risk came to 16 basis points (EUR 78 million).Contribution to Group net IncomeThe contribution to Group net income grew sharply by +20.3% to EUR 2 427 million in 2022.In Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 754 million on a reported basis and EUR 611 million on an underlying basis(1) (+15.8% vs. Q4 21).Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong RONE of 16.3% in 2022 (19.5% restated for the impact of the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund).The underlying RONE was 15.5% in Q4 22  and 18.5% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Net banking income (155) 93 16 374 Underlying net banking income(1) (155) (24) 16 257 Operating expenses (324) (387) (1 189) (889) Underlying operating expenses(1) (160) (251) (550) (510) Gross operating income (479) (294) (1 173) (515) Underlying gross operating income(1) (315) (275) (534) (253) Net cost of risk 17 (7) (38) (6) Net profits or losses from other assets (60) 429 (3 364) 603 Income tax 31 193 516 187 Reported Group net income (502) 168 (4 230) (9) Underlying Group net income(1) (333) (255) (633) (386)(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects as well as certain costs incurred by the Group not re-invoiced to the businesses.The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR +16 million in 2022 vs. EUR +374 million in 2021  and EUR -155 million in Q4 22 vs. EUR +93 million in Q4 21. It includes the negative revaluation of financial instruments to hedge the equity portfolios of Group subsidiaries  in contrast to 2021  when the Corporate Centre’s net banking income included the positive revaluation of an asset valued at EUR 117 million.Operating expenses totalled EUR 1 189 million in 2022 vs. EUR 889 million in 2021. They include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR 639 million relating to the activities of French Retail Banking (EUR 370 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR 117 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR 152 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -550 million in 2022 compared to EUR -510 million in 2021.Gross operating income totalled EUR -1 173 million in 2022 vs. EUR -515 million in 2021. Underlying gross operating income came in at EUR -534 million in 2022  vs. EUR -253 million in 2021.Net profits or losses from other assets totalled EUR -3 364 million in 2022 vs. EUR 603 million in 2021. It includes the EUR -3.3 billion accounting loss from the disposal of Rosbank and insurance activities in Russia recognised in H1 22.In Q4 22  net profits or losses from other assets stood at EUR -60 million  vs. EUR 429 million in Q4 21  with an unfavourable base effect owing to the disposal of Lyxor’s asset management activities for EUR 439 million recognised in Q4 21.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -4 230 million in 2022 vs. EUR -9 million in 2021. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income was EUR -633 million in 2022  vs. EUR -386 million in 2021.7. 2023 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 Financial communication calendar12 May 2023 First quarter 2023 results23 May 2023 2023 General Meeting3 August 2023 Second quarter and first half 2023 results 3 November 2023 Third quarter and nine months 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation French Retail Banking 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 658 584 +12.7% 2 376 2 082 +14.1% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 754 621 +21.4% 2 427 2 018 +20.3% Core Businesses 1 662 1 619 +2.7% 6 248 5 650 +10.6% Corporate Centre (502) 168 n/s (4 230) (9) n/s Group 1 160 1 787 -35.1% 2 018 5 641 -64.2%NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Cash  due from central banks 207 013 179 969 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 329 437 342 714 Hedging derivatives 32 850 13 239 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 37 463 43 450 Securities at amortised cost 21 430 19 371 Due from banks at amortised cost 66 903 55 972 Customer loans at amortised cost 506 529 497 164 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (2 262) 131 Investments of insurance companies 158 415 178 898 Tax assets 4 696 4 812 Other assets 85 072 92 898 Non-current assets held for sale 1 081 27 Deferred profit-sharing 1 175 - Investments accounted for using the equity method 146 95 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 33 089 31 968 Goodwill 3 781 3 741 Total 1 486 818 1 464 449In EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Due to central banks 8 361 5 152 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 300 618 307 563 Hedging derivatives 46 164 10 425 Debt securities issued 133 176 135 324 Due to banks 132 988 139 177 Customer deposits 530 764 509 133 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (9 659) 2 832 Tax liabilities 1 638 1 577 Other liabilities 107 553 106 305 Non-current liabilities held for sale 220 1 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 688 155 288 Provisions 4 579 4 850 Subordinated debts 15 946 15 959 Total liabilities 1 414 036 1 393 586 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 248 21 913 Other equity instruments 9 136 7 534 Retained earnings 34 267 30 631 Net income 2 018 5 641 Sub-total 66 669 65 719 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses (218) (652) Sub-total equity  Group share 66 451 65 067 Non-controlling interests 6 331 5 796 Total equity 72 782 70 863 Total 1 486 818 1 464 4499. APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was examined by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in note 8.1 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2021 (pages 482 et seq. of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.4 - IFRIC 21 adjustmentThe IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed.The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (« SRF ») are part of IFRIC21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU.5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying dataIt may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment.Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings.The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below:in EUR m Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Exceptional Net banking income (+) 0 (117) 0 (117) Revaluation gain 0 (117) 0 (117) Exceptional operating expenses (-) (108) (52) 639 379 IFRIC linearisation (285) (199) 0 0 Transformation costs(1) 177 147 639 379 Of which related to French Retail Banking 69 91 370 201 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 54 30 117 92 Of which related to Corporate Centre 54 26 152 86 Exceptional Net profit or losses from other assets (+/-) 54 (439) 3 357 (624) Goodwill impairment (-)(1) 0 114 0 114 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) (54) (494) 3 996 (248) DTA recognition (+)(1) 0 (130) 0 (130) Total exceptional items (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Reported Net income - Group Share 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264(1) Allocated to Corporate CentreNB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor(2)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 43 and 663 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 219 (20) 483 125 Gross loan Outstandings 250 175 237 305 246 249 235 220 Cost of Risk in bp 35 (3) 20 5 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 133 96 705 504 Gross loan Outstandings 133 756 137 018 135 743 133 321 Cost of Risk in bp 40 28 52 38 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 78 3 421 65 Gross loan Outstandings 190 079 160 333 182 110 148 426 Cost of Risk in bp 16 1 23 4 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (17) 7 38 6 Gross loan Outstandings 16 363 14 574 15 411 13 835 Cost of Risk in bp (41) 16 25 4 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 413 86 1 647 700 Gross loan Outstandings 590 373 549 229 579 513 530 801 Cost of Risk in bp 28 6 28 13The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).7 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 and 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 66 451 65 067 66 451 65 067 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (10 017) (8 003) Undated subordinated notes - - - - Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 (24) 20 OCI excluding conversion reserves 1 279 (489) 1 279 (489) Distribution provision(2) (1 803) (2 286) (1 803) (2 286) Distribution N-1 to be paid 0 - 0 - ROE equity end-of-period 55 886 54 310 55 886 54 310 Average ROE equity* 55 889 53 878 55 164 52 634 Average Goodwill (3 660) (3 776) (3 650) (3 890) Average Intangible Assets (2 835) (2 687) (2 760) (2 584) Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 Group net Income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 337 3 337 Ajusted Group net Income 968 1 973 1 425 5 388 Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying Group net income 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 3 - Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 934 1 075 5 023 4 674 Average ROTE equity (underlying) (h)* 49 360 46 854 52 352 45 783 Underlying ROTE 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2%(1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(2) Based on the 2022 proposed distribution subject to usual approvals from the General meeting and the ECB(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change French Retail Banking 12 673 11 847 +7.0% 12 417 12 009 +3.4% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 531 10 523 +0.1% 10 619 10 246 +3.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 806 14 745 +7.2% 14 916 14 055 +6.1% Core Businesses 39 009 37 115 +5.1% 37 951 36 310 +4.5% Corporate Center 16 880 16 763 +0.7% 17 213 16 323 +5.4% Group 55 889 53 878 +3.7% 55 164 52 634 +4.8%NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor8 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 46 of the Group’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2022 2021 2020 Shareholders' equity Group share* 66 451 65 067 61 710 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (8 830) Undated subordinated notes 0 0 (264) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 19 Bookvalue of own shares in trading portfolio 67 37 301 Net Asset Value* 56 477 57 121 52 936 Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) (3 928) Intangible Assets (2 882) (2 733) (2 484) Net Tangible Asset Value* 49 943 50 764 46 524 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS** 801 147 831 162 848 859 Net Asset Value per Share 70.5 68.7 62.4 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.3 61.1 54.8(1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(* *) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.In accordance with IAS 33  historical data per share prior to the date of detachment of a preferential subscription right are restated by the adjustment coefficient for the transaction.9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Existing shares 845 478 853 371 853 371 Deductions 0 Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 252 3 861 2 987 Other own shares and treasury shares 16 788 3 249 0 Number of shares used to calculate EPS* 822 437 846 261 850 385 Group net Income 2 018 5 641 (258) Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (596) (590) (611) Adjusted Group net income (in EURm) 1 422 5 051 (869) EPS (in EUR) 1.73 5.97 (1.02) Underlying EPS** (in EUR) 6.10 5.52 0.97(*) Calculated on the basis of underlying Group net income (excluding linearisation of IFRIC 21).(**) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.17,0.28,True,English,"['2022 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES', 'record annual new client growth', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'new SG retail bank', 'operational efficiency improvement actions', 'Bernstein joint venture deal', 'French retail banking market', 'underlying gross operating income', 'new retail bank', 'Underlying Group net income', 'International Retail Banking', 'retail banking networks', 'new CSR ambitions', 'record underlying performances', 'Single Resolution Fund', 'Upscaled ESG actions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Net banking income', 'digital transformation initiatives', 'major strategic progress', 'CET1 ratio target', 'responsible energy transition', 'share buyback programme', 'SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'solid performance', 'sharp growth', 'Record revenues', 'Private Banking', 'Strong improvement', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'business developments', 'income ratio', 'Operating expenses', 'MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS', 'ESG considerations', 'decarbonisation ambitions', 'Equities business', 'underlying profitability', 'underlying data', 'Net cost', 'Underlying cost', 'Press release', 'historical highs', 'Global Markets', 'low level', 'prudent provisioning', 'Russian subsidiaries', 'regulatory requirement', 'cash dividend', 'General Meeting', 'FINANCIAL TARGETS', 'Basel IV', 'negative impacts', 'specific functioning', 'methodology note', 'usual approvals', 'Decisive milestones', 'Societe Generale', 'Accelerated development', 'global leaders', 'sustainable mobility', 'successful adaptation', 'Ongoing rollout', 'decisive stage', 'mobility sector', 'commercial momentum', 'balance sheet', 'ongoing projects', 'financial guidance', 'many respects', 'CET 1 ratio', 'accounting data', 'Group activities', '28 basis points', '17 basis points', '35 basis points', 'total number', 'uncertain environment', 'capital impact', 'complex environment', 'legal merger', 'transition year', 'Rosbank disposal', '420 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'Financing', 'Advisory', 'ALD', 'contribution', 'risk', 'defaults', 'provisions', 'performing', 'loans', 'EUR', 'end-December', 'ROTE', 'Q4', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'benefit', 'shares', 'circulation', 'ECB', 'Story', 'France', 'schedule', '1 January', 'launch', 'Boursorama', 'clients', 'Plans', 'track', 'acquisition', 'LeasePlan', 'creation', 'Rapid', 'commitments', 'reinforcement', 'value', 'aim', 'businesses', 'strength', 'determination', 'Change', '61.0', '9.', '7.', '30', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17943,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GRESHAM-HOUSE-RENEWABLE-E-7158176/news/Gresham-House-Renewable-Energy-VCT-1-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-42933409/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT 1 : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com)  THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant  b…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant  bank manager or other independent professional adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 if you are in the United Kingdom or  if not  from another appropriately authorised independent professional adviser in your own jurisdiction.If you have sold  transferred or otherwise disposed of all your shares in Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT 1 plc (the ""Company"")  please pass this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom you made the sale  transfer or disposal for transmission to the purchaser or transferee  except that such documents should not be sent to any jurisdiction under any circumstances where to do so might constitute a violation of local securities laws and regulations. If you have sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of only part of your holding of shares in the Company  you should retain this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy and consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom you made the sale  transfer or disposal.GRESHAM HOUSE RENEWABLE ENERGY VCT 1 PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with registered number 07378392)Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023Please find enclosed the notice of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 11.30 a.m. at the offices of JTC (UK) Limited  The Scalpel  18th Floor  52 Lime Street  London EC3M 7AF (the ""Annual General Meeting"" or ""AGM"").Shareholders are encouraged to vote on the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM. Shareholders who hold their shares through an investment platform or other nominee service are encouraged to contact their investment platform provider or nominee as soon as possible to arrange for votes to be lodged on their behalf.You may submit your proxy electronically using the Share Portal service at www.signalshares.com. Shareholders can use this service to vote or appoint a proxy online. Votes lodged through the online facility must be received by the Registrar no later than 11.30 a.m. on Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders will need to use the unique personal identification Investor Code (""IVC"") printed on your share certificate.Alternatively  the form of proxy accompanying this document may be completed and delivered  in accordance with the instructions printed on it  to the Company's Registrar Link Group at 10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL no later than 11.30 a.m. on Friday  17 March 2023.Dear ShareholderAnnual General Meeting 2023I am pleased to invite you to our twelfth Annual General Meeting. The AGM will be held at 11.30 a.m. on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at the offices of JTC (UK) Limited  The Scalpel  18th Floor  52 Lime Street  London EC3M 7AF.The Notice of the Annual General Meeting is set out on pages 6 to 10 of this document (the 'Notice'). Further details of each of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM are set out on pages 4 and 5 of this document. I also refer you to the Annual Report & Financial Statements for the year ended 30 September 2022 (the ""Annual Report""). The Annual Report is available on the Company's website at https://greshamhouse.com/real-assets/new-energy/gresham-house-renewable-energy-vct-1-plc/ and a copy is enclosed herewith for those holders that elected to receive a hard copy.Shareholders are invited to attend the Company's AGM in person and those shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM in person are encouraged to raise any questions in advance via email at renewablevcts@greshamhouse.com or by contacting Gresham House Investor Relations by telephone on 020 3837 6270 by no later than 11.30 a.m. on Friday  10 March 2023. The Company will endeavour to publish responses to all questions received on its website after the AGM. Please note that the Company will not answer questions if (a) to do so would involve the disclosure of confidential information or (b) it is undesirable or not considered by the Board to be in the best interests of the Company or shareholders to do so.The Investment Adviser will deliver a presentation at the AGM at 12.30pm  with the slides being made available on the Company's website shortly afterwards. The Board and representatives from the Investment Adviser will be present at the AGM to answer any questions.If there are any changes to the arrangements for the AGM as set out in the Notice  the Company will update shareholders via the Company's website  and  if appropriate  through an announcement on the London Stock Exchange.Action to be takenIf you would like to vote on the resolutions but will not be attending the AGM in person  you may appoint a proxy:(1) by completing  signing and returning the enclosed Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon; or(2) electronically at www.signalshares.com (details of how to appoint a proxy this way are set out on page 8 of this document).Alternatively  if you hold your shares in CREST  you can appoint a proxy via the CREST Proxy Voting Service.All proxy appointments should be submitted as soon as possible and in any event must be received by the Registrar no later than 11.30 a.m. on Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders who hold their shares through an investment platform or other nominee service are encouraged to contact their investment platform provider or nominee as soon as possible regarding the process for voting.Further hard copy Forms of Proxy can be requested by contacting the Registrar on 0371 664 0300 or via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9.00 a.m. - 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.RecommendationYour Directors are of the opinion that all resolutions which are to be proposed at the AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and therefore unanimously recommend to shareholders that they vote in favour of each of the resolutions  as the Directors intend to do in respect of any shares which they beneficially own.Yours faithfullyGill NottChairman8 February 2023The information set out below is an explanation of the business to be considered at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at 11.30 a.m. at the offices of JTC (UK) Limited  The Scalpel  18th Floor  52 Lime Street  London EC3M 7AF.5Resolution 1 - To receive and adopt the annual report and financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2022The Directors are required to present the Strategic report  Directors' report  Auditor's report and the financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2022 to the meeting. These are contained in the Company's Annual Report.Resolution 2- To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration ReportUnder section 420 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  the Directors must prepare an annual report detailing the remuneration of the Directors and a statement by the chair of the remuneration committee (together  the ""Directors' Remuneration Report""). The Act also requires that a resolution be put to shareholders each year for their approval of that report. The Directors' Remuneration Report can be found on pages 39 to 41 of the Annual Report. Resolution 2 is an advisory vote only and therefore is not binding.Resolution 3 - To approve the Directors' Remuneration PolicyShareholder approval of the Directors' Remuneration Policy is required every three years. A binding ordinary resolution approving the Directors' Remuneration Policy was last approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 25 June 2020 andit is therefore being submitted for shareholder approval at the forthcoming AGM. There are no proposed changes to the Remuneration Policy. The Policy is set out on page 39 of the Annual Report.Resolutions 4 and 5 - To re-appoint BDO LLP as independent auditor of the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company and to authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of BDO LLPAt each general meeting at which the Company's accounts are presented to its members  the Company is required to re-appoint an auditor to serve until the next such meeting. The Board  on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  recommends the appointment of BDO LLP and resolution 4 seeks shareholder authority for this reappointment. Resolution 5 gives authority to the Directors to determine the auditor's remuneration.Resolutions 6 and 7 - To re-elect DirectorsThe Articles of Association of the Company require that each Director retires by rotation every three years and being eligible  offer themselves for re-election. Accordingly  David Hunter will retire and being eligible  offer himself for re-election at the AGM.The Articles of Association of the Company also require that at the next AGM following a Director's first appointment  such Director will retire from office. Accordingly  Giles Clark will retire and being eligible  offer himself for election at the AGM.The Board confirms that the performance of both of the Directors seeking re-election continues to be effective and each Director demonstrates commitment to the role. The Board believes that it is therefore in the best interests of shareholders that each of these Directors be re-elected.The Directors also believe that the Board includes an appropriate balance of skills  experience and knowledge. Full biographies of all the Directors are set out on page 3 of the Annual Report.Resolution 8 - Cancellation of share premium account and capital redemption reserveUnder the Act and the Companies (Reduction of Share Capital) Order 2008  a company may  with the sanction of a special resolution of its shareholders and the confirmation of the Court  reduce its existing share capital and apply the sums resulting from such reduction to  among other things  create distributable reserves. Resolution 8 is a special resolution to cancel the entire amount standing to the credit of both the Company's share premium account and the Company's capital redemption reserve as at the date the relevant Court order is made.Subject to confirmation by the High Court of Justice in London and the reduction of capital taking effect  the amounts so cancelled will be credited to the Company's distributable reserves. This will improve the Company's distributable reserves position and will provide the Company with flexibility to support  amongst other things  share buy-backs and the payment of dividends or other distributions to shareholders in the future.Resolution 9 - Notice period for general meetingsUnder the Act  subject to certain exceptions  the notice period required for all general meetings of the Company is 21 clear days. AGMs will always be held on at least 21 clear days' notice  but shareholders can approve a shorter notice period for other general meetings.The Board believes that it is in the best interests of shareholders of the Company for the Board to have the ability to call meetings on no less than 14 clear days' notice should an urgent matter arise. The Board is therefore proposing resolution 9 to approve the reduction in the minimum notice period from 21 clear days to 14 clear days for all general meetings other than AGMs. The Directors do not intend to use less than 21 clear days' notice unless the urgency of the matter merits such a reduced notice period. In order to call a general meeting on less than 21 clear days' notice the Company must make a means of electronic voting available to all shareholders for that meeting.NOTICE OF THE TWELFTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF GRESHAM HOUSE RENEWABLE ENERGY VCT 1 PLCNOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the twelfth Annual General Meeting of Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT 1 plc (the ""Company"") will be held at 11.30 a.m. on Tuesday  21 March 2023 at the offices of JTC (UK) Limited  The Scalpel  18th Floor  52 Lime Street  London EC3M 7AF (the ""Annual General Meeting"" or ""AGM"") for the transaction of the following business.As Ordinary Business  to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions:Ordinary Resolutions1. To receive and adopt the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 30 September 2022 together with the report of the Auditor thereon.1. To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report (other than the part containing the Directors' remuneration policy)  set out on pages 39 to 41 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 30 September 2022.1. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy set out on page 39 of the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 30 September 2022.1. To re-appoint BDO LLP as the Company's auditor to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company.1. To authorise the Directors to determine the auditor's remuneration.1. To re-elect as a Director  David Hunter  who retires and being eligible offers himself for re-election.1. To elect as a Director  Giles Clark.As Special Business  to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions which will be proposed as special resolutions:Special Resolutions1. THAT:7. the share capital of the Company be reduced by cancelling the entire amount standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account as at the date the order is made confirming such cancellation by the High Court; and7. the share capital of the Company be reduced by cancelling the entire amount standing to the credit of the Company's capital redemption reserve as at the date the order is made confirming such cancellation by the High Court.1. THAT a general meeting  other than an annual general meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice  provided that this authority shall expire at the conclusion of the Company's next annual general meeting.By order of the BoardJTC (UK) LimitedCompany Secretary Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT 1 plcRegistered office:The Scalpel  18th Floor52 Lime StreetLondon EC3M 7AFDated: 8 February 2023(a) A member entitled to attend  speak and vote at this meeting may appoint a proxy or proxies to attend  speak and vote on their behalf. A proxy need not also be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the proxy form. If you do not hold your shares directly you are encouraged to arrange for your nominee to vote on your behalf.(b) A form of proxy is enclosed with this notice  together with a pre-paid reply envelope. Alternatively  proxies may be lodged at www.signalshares.com as set out at Note (e) below. To be valid  forms of proxy together with the power of attorney or other authority  if any  under which it is signed  or a notarially certified copy or a copy certified in accordance with the Powers of Attorney Act 1971 of that power or authority  must be received by the Company's Registrar Link Group at 10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL or through www.signalshares.com not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days and public holidays in England and Wales) before the time appointed for holding the meeting or any adjourned meeting.(c) If you are not a member of the Company but you have been nominated by a member of the Company to enjoy information rights  you do not have a right to appoint any proxies under the procedures set out in these Notes. Please read Note (i) below. Under section 319A of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  any member attending the meeting has a right to ask questions. The Company must answer any question a member asks relating to the business being dealt with at the meeting unless:· answering the question would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information;· the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or· it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting that the question be answered.(d) In order to revoke a proxy instruction  a member will need to inform the Company by sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating the intention to revoke the proxy appointment to the Company's Registrar Link Group at 10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL. In the case of a member which is a company  the revocation notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the revocation notice is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the revocation notice.The revocation notice must be received by the Registrar not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days and public holidays in England and Wales) before the time appointed for holding the meeting or any adjourned meeting.(e) You may submit your proxy electronically using the Share Portal service at www.signalshares.com. Shareholders can use this service to appoint a proxy online. The same voting deadline of 48 hours (excluding non-working days and public holidays in England and Wales) before the time of the meeting applies. Shareholders will need to use the unique personal identification Investor Code (""IVC"") printed on your share certificate. If you need help with using this service  please contact our Registrar  Link Group on 0371 664 0300 or via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9.00 a.m. - 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.(f) CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from https://www.euroclear.com/site/ public/EUI). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's (""EUI"") specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's Registrar (ID: RA10) no later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's Registrar is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time.In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.(g) Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company has specified that only those holders of the Company's shares registered on the Register of Members of the Company as at close of business on 17 March 2023 or  in the event that the meeting is adjourned  on the Register of Members 48 hours (excluding non-working days and public holidays in England and Wales) before the time of any adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting in respect of such shares registered in their name at the relevant time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the right of any person to attend and vote at the meeting (or the relevant adjournment thereof).(h) As at close of business on 7 February 2023 (being the last business day prior to the publication of this notice)  the Company's issued share capital comprised 25 515 242 Ordinary Shares and 38 512 032 'A' Shares  excluding shares held in treasury  and the total number of voting rights in the Company was 25 553 754 032 votes  being 25 515 242 000 votes attributable to Ordinary Shares and 38 512 032 votes attributable to 'A' Shares. Information regarding the number of shares in issue and voting rights may be obtained from the website  https://greshamhouse.com/real-assets/new-energy/gresham-house-renewable-energy-vct-1-plc/.(i) A member may appoint more than one proxy  provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. Members may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. The return of a completed proxy form or other instrument of proxy will not prevent you attending the meeting and voting in person if you wish. The right to appoint a proxy does not apply to persons whose shares are held on their behalf by another person and who have been nominated to enjoy information rights in respect of the Company in accordance with Section 146 of the Act (""Nominated Persons""). Nominated Persons may have a right under an agreement with a member of the Company who has nominated the Nominated Person to have information rights (a ""Relevant Shareholder"") to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if Nominated Persons do not have such a right  or do not wish to exercise it  they may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the Relevant Shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights. The main point of contact in terms of a Nominated Person's investment in the Company remains the Relevant Shareholder (or  perhaps  the Nominated Person's custodian or broker) and a Nominated Person should continue to contact them (and not the Company) regarding any changes or queries relating to the Nominated Person's personal details and interest in the Company (including any administrative matters). The only exception to this is where the Company expressly requests a response from the Nominated Person.(j) A company which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers in respect of the same share.(k) Except as provided above  members who have general queries about the Annual General Meeting should write to the Company Secretary at GreshamVCTs@jtcgroup.com.(l) Information regarding the Annual General Meeting  including the information required by section 311A of the Act  can be found at https://greshamhouse.com/real-assets/new-energy/gresham-house-renewable-energy-vct-1-plc/.(m) Members may not use any electronic address provided either in this notice  or any related documents (including the Chairman's letter and Form of Proxy)  to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.(n) Under section 338 of the Act  members meeting the threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require the Company to give notice of a resolution which may properly be moved at the AGM. Any such request  which must comply with section 338(4) of the Act  must be received by the Company no later than six weeks before the date fixed for the AGM.(o) Under section 338A of the Act  members meeting the threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require the Company to include a matter (other than a proposed resolution) in the business to be dealt with at the AGM. Any such request  which must comply with section 338A(3) of the Act  must be received by the Company no later than six weeks before the date fixed for the AGM.(p) Members satisfying the thresholds in section 527 of the Act can require the Company to publish a statement on its website setting out any matter relating to: (a) the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM; or (b) any circumstances connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the last AGM  that the members propose to raise at the meeting. The Company cannot require the members requesting the publication to pay its expenses. Any statement required to be placed on the website must also be sent to the Company's auditors no later than the time it makes its statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the meeting includes any statement that the Company has been required to publish on its website.(q) Shareholders may submit questions in advance of the meeting by email to renewablevcts@greshamhouse.com by 11.30 a.m. on 10 March 2023.(r) Voting on all resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll rather than a show of hands. The Board believes that this is a more transparent method of voting as member votes are to be counted according to the number of shares held. As soon as practicable following the meeting  the results of the voting and the number of proxy votes cast for and against and the number of votes actively withheld in respect of each of the resolutions will be announced via a regulatory information service and also placed on the Company's website.(s) None of the Directors has a contract of service with the Company. A copy of the generic terms and conditions of appointment that have been adopted by the Directors will be available for inspection at the registered office of the Company during usual business hours on any weekday (except weekends and public holidays) until the date of the meeting and at the place of the meeting for a period of fifteen minutes prior to and during the meeting.BEFORE COMPLETING THIS FORM PLEASE READ THE EXPLANATORY NOTESFor use at the Annual General Meeting of the above-named Company to be held at 11.30 a.m. on 21 March 2023 at the offices of JTC (UK) Limited  The Scalpel  18th Floor  52 Lime Street  London EC3M 7AF and at any adjournment thereof (the ""Annual General Meeting"" or ""AGM"").I/We*(in BLOCK CAPITALS) ……………………………………………………..........................………….……………………….…....................of .……………………………………………………………………………………….………………………………………………………………………...............being the holder(s)* of Ordinary Shares of 0.1p each/ A Shares of 0.1p each in the above-named Company  hereby appoint the Chairman of the meeting (see Note 2)or ………………………………………………...……………………………………………………………………………………………...…………………...............of .……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….…………….............as my/our* proxy to exercise my/our* rights in respect of the aforementioned shares to attend  speak and vote on my/our* behalf at the AGM or at any adjournment thereof.I/We* desire to vote on the resolutions as indicated in the appropriate column below.Please indicate with an ""X"" in the appropriate box opposite each resolution how you wish your vote to be cast.Details of the resolutions are set out in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.ORDINARY BUSINESS FOR AGAINST WITHELD 1. To receive and adopt the Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2022 together with the report of the Auditor thereon. 2. To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report. 3. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Policy. 4. To re-appoint BDO LLP as the Company's auditor to hold office from the conclusion of the annual general meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company. 5. To authorise the Directors to determine the auditor's remuneration. 6. To re-elect David Hunter as a Director. 7. To elect Giles Clark as a Director. SPECIAL BUSINESS 8. That the share capital of the Company be reduced by cancelling the entire amounts standing to the credit of the Company's share premium account and capital redemption reserve as at the date the order is made confirming such cancellations by the High Court. 9. That a general meeting  other than an annual general meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice provided that this authority shall expire at the conclusion of the Company's next annual general meeting.Signature(s)*…………………............................................................... Date …....…………………............* Delete as appropriatePLEASE RETURN TO LINK GROUP IN THE PRE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDEDNOTES AND INSTRUCTIONS:1. Any member of the Company entitled to attend  speak and vote at the AGM is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to exercise all or any of that member's rights to attend  speak and vote on behalf of that member at the AGM (or any adjournment thereof). A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the AGM provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that member. A proxy may demand  or join in demanding  a poll. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting in order to represent his or her appointer. A member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the meeting may appoint the Chairman of the meeting or another person as his or her proxy although the Chairman of the meeting will not speak for the member. A member who wishes his or her proxy to speak for him or her should appoint his or her own choice of proxy (not the Chairman of the meeting) and give instructions directly to that person. Where you appoint as your proxy someone other than the Chairman  you are responsible for ensuring that they attend the meeting and are aware of your voting instructions.2. Delete ""the Chairman of the meeting"" if it is desired to appoint any other person and insert his or her name and address. If no name is inserted  the proxy will be deemed to have been given in favour of the Chairman of the meeting. If this Form of Proxy is signed and returned without stating how the proxy shall vote on any particular matter the proxy will exercise his or her discretion as to whether  and if so how  he or she votes.3. To be valid  a Form of Proxy must be completed  signed and delivered (together with the power of attorney or other written authority  if any  under which it is signed or an office or notarially certified copy or a copy certified in accordance with the Powers of Attorney Act 1971 of such power and written authority) to the Company's Registrar Link Group at 10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL  not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays in England and Wales) before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the Form of Proxy proposes to vote. In the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays in England and Wales) after it is demanded  the document(s) must be delivered as aforesaid not less than 24 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for taking the poll  or where the poll is taken not more than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays in England and Wales) after it was demanded  be delivered at the meeting at which the demand is made.4. In the case of a member which is a company  this form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or attorney duly authorised by that company.5. In the case of joint holders  the signature of any one joint holder is sufficient. If more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted to the exclusion of the appointments submitted by the other joint holders. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior).6. The completion and return of this Form of Proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting at the AGM should you subsequently decide to do so. If a member appoints a proxy and that member attends the AGM in person and votes  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated.7. To direct your proxy how to vote on the resolutions  mark the appropriate box with an 'X'. If you mark 'X' in more than one box in respect of the same resolution  this Form of Proxy will be invalid. To abstain from voting on a resolution  select the relevant ""withheld"" box. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  the proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. The proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.2,0.28,True,English,"['Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Gresham House Renewable Energy VCT 1 plc', 'unique personal identification Investor Code', 'Dear Shareholder Annual General Meeting', 'Gresham House Investor Relations', 'twelfth Annual General Meeting', 'other independent professional adviser', 'local securities laws', 'independent financial advice', 'London Stock Exchange', 'investment platform provider', 'Registrar Link Group', 'Share Portal service', 'The Investment Adviser', 'The Annual Report', 'other nominee service', 'other agent', 'share certificate', 'Financial Services', 'London EC3M', 'Financial Statements', 'The Scalpel', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'registered number', 'UK) Limited', '18th Floor', '52 Lime Street', 'online facility', '10th Floor', 'Central Square', '29 Wellington Street', 'confidential information', 'best interests', 'The Board', 'accompanying Form', 'Further details', 'hard copy', 'The AGM', 'The Company', 'bank manager', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'jurisdiction', 'shares', 'Proxy', 'sale', 'transfer', 'disposal', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'circumstances', 'violation', 'regulations', 'part', 'holding', 'England', 'Wales', 'Notice', 'Tuesday', 'March', '11.30 a', 'offices', 'JTC', 'Shareholders', 'resolutions', 'votes', 'behalf', 'Friday', 'IVC', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'Leeds', 'LS1', 'pages', 'year', 'website', 'greshamhouse', 'real-assets/new-energy', 'gresham-house-renewable-energy-vct', 'questions', 'advance', 'email', 'telephone', 'later', 'responses', 'disclosure', 'presentation', '12.30pm', 'slides', 'representatives', 'changes', 'arrangements', 'announcement', '020']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17944,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2603604/0/en/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2022-full-year-results.html,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2022 full year results,RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022        Press releaseParis  8 February 2023    EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES    Record revenues up by...,French EnglishRESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022Press releaseParis  8 February 2023EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINESRecord revenues up by +9.3%(1) vs. 2021  driven by historical highs in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  sharp growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking  and a solid performance by French Retail BankingStrong improvement in the cost to income ratio to 61.0%(1) (vs. 64.4%(1) in 2021)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution FundCost of risk at 28 basis points  with a low level of defaults at 17 basis points and continued prudent provisioning resulting in provisions on performing loans of EUR 3.8bn at end-December 2022Underlying Group net income of EUR 5.6bn(1) (EUR 2.0bn on a reported basis including the impact of the disposal of Rosbank and its Russian subsidiaries)  underlying profitability of 9.6%(1) (ROTE)SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTSIn Q4 22  underlying gross operating income came to EUR 2.2bn(1) +14.9% vs. Q4 21Underlying Group net income at EUR 1.1bn(1) (EUR 1.2bn on a reported basis)  underlying profitability at 7.6%(1)CET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-2022  around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirementDISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERSDistribution of EUR 1.8bn  equivalent to EUR 2.25 per share(3) (4)  i.e.:a cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share to be proposed at the General Meeting a share buyback programme   of approximately EUR 440m  equivalent to around EUR 0.55 per shareto be proposed at the General MeetingFINANCIAL TARGETS2025: financial targets confirmed  notably a cost to income ratio below 62%  expected profitability of 10% (ROTE) based on a CET1 ratio target of 12% post Basel IV2023: a transition year  with the negative impacts related to the end of the TLTRO benefit and to the specific functioning of the French retail banking marketUnderlying cost to income ratio (1)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  expected at between 66% and 68%Cost of risk is expected at between 30 and 35 basis points(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Phased-in ratio (fully-loaded ratio of 13.3%)  (3) Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31/12/2022  (4) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECBMAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS IN STRATEGIC INITIATIVESDecisive milestones achieved in the merger of the retail banking networks in France  resulting in the legal merger - on schedule - of the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks on 1 January 2023 and the launch of a new retail bank in FranceAccelerated development of Boursorama  with record annual new client growth of 1.4 million  taking the total number of clients to 4.7 million at end-2022Plans on track to create global leaders in sustainable mobility and equities with the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD and the creation of the Bernstein joint ventureRapid and successful adaptation amid a complex and uncertain environment  particularly as regards the Rosbank disposal  which had limited capital impactUpscaled ESG actions and commitments by the Group  notably by integrating ESG considerations across all Group activities and a reinforcement of our decarbonisation ambitionsOngoing rollout of digital transformation initiatives and operational efficiency improvement actionsFréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2022 marked a decisive stage for the Group  which was able to deliver record underlying performances while adapting itself swiftly and efficiently to an uncertain and complex environment. Throughout the year  the Group made major strategic progress that has unlocked value. We launched the new SG retail bank resulting from the merger of our networks in France and pushed further ahead at Boursorama. The planned acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD in the mobility sector and the planned Bernstein joint venture deal for our Equities business will create global leaders. We also defined the Group’s new CSR ambitions with the aim of supporting our clients in responsible energy transition. Building on the commercial momentum of the businesses and the strength of the balance sheet  the Group is confident of being able to reap the benefit of ongoing projects and business developments  confirms its financial guidance for 2025  and is embarking with determination on 2023  a year of transition in many respects.”GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 6 885 6 620 +4.0% +6.2%* 28 059 25 798 +8.8% +9.7%* Underlying net banking income(1) 6 885 6 503 +5.9% +8.1%* 28 059 25 681 +9.3% +10.2%* Operating expenses (4 610) (4 565) +1.0% +3.3%* (18 630) (17 590) +5.9% +7.5%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 718) (4 617) +2.2% +4.5%* (17 991) (17 211) +4.5% +6.1%* Gross operating income 2 275 2 055 +10.7% +12.5%* 9 429 8 208 +14.9% +14.4%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 167 1 886 +14.9% +16.9%* 10 068 8 470 +18.9% +18.4%* Net cost of risk (413) (86) x 4.8 x 6.3* (1 647) (700) x 2.4 +93.0%* Operating income 1 862 1 969 -5.4% -4.7%* 7 782 7 508 +3.6% +5.3%* Underlying operating income(1) 1 754 1 800 -2.6% -1.7%* 8 421 7 770 +8.4% +10.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (4) 449 n/s n/s (3 290) 635 n/s n/s Income tax (484) (311) +55.5% +55.5%* (1 560) (1 697) -8.1% -5.8%* Net income 1 381 1 995 -30.8% -30.2%* 2 947 6 338 -53.5% -53.2%* O.w. non-controlling interests 221 208 +6.3% +7.6%* 929 697 +33.3% +32.3%* Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 -35.1% -34.5%* 2 018 5 641 -64.2% -64.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 -8.1% -7.2%* 5 616 5 264 +6.7% +7.9%* ROE 6.9% 12.1% 2.6% 9.6% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 and FY 2022.The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the methodology notes (section 9.5).Net banking incomeUnderlying net banking income(1) grew strongly in 2022 at +9.3% (+10.2%*) vs. 2021  fuelled by record performances in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  strong growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking and a solid performance by the French Retail Bank.French Retail Banking revenues grew +4.1% vs. 2021 fuelled notably by robust service fee growth and a very solid showing by Private Banking.International Retail Banking & Financial Services’ revenues rose +12.4% (+17.9%*) vs. 2021  driven by a record performance at ALD and strong growth at International Retail Banking whose revenues grew +11.5%* vs. 2021. Financial Services’ net banking income was significantly higher by +35.8%* vs. 2021  while Insurance net banking income increased by +6.5%* vs. 2021.Global Banking & Investor Solutions’ revenues were up +14.3% (+12.9%*) vs. 2021. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues posted a +18.7% increase in revenues (14.1%*) vs. 2021  while Financing & Advisory activities increased by +15.2% (+10.7%*) vs. 2021.In Q4 22  the Group continued to post robust revenue growth of +5.9% (+8.1%*) vs. Q4 21.Operating expensesIn 2022  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 630 million on a reported basis and EUR 17 991 million on an underlying basis (restated for transformation costs)  i.e.  an increase of +4.5% vs. 2021 (on an underlying basis).The rise can be mainly attributed to the EUR 864 million contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  and increase of EUR 278 million  currency effects  notably in US dollars and a rise in the variable components of employee remuneration associated with higher revenues.Underlying(1) gross operating income increased by +18.9% to EUR 10 068 million in 2022  while the underlying(1) cost to income ratio (excluding the Single Resolution Fund) posted a 3.4 point improvement to 61.0% (vs. 64.4% in 2021).In Q4 22  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 610 million on a reported basis and EUR 4 718 million on an underlying basis (restated for the linearisation of IFRIC 21 and transformation costs)  i.e.  a limited increase of +2.2% vs. Q4 21.Excluding the Single Resolution Fund  the underlying(1) cost to income ratio is expected to range between 66% and 68% in 2023  based notably on normalised revenues in Global Markets.Cost of riskThe cost of risk remained moderate at 28 basis points in Q4 22  or EUR 413 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans which remains limited at EUR 346 million (23 basis points)  and an additional provision on performing loans of EUR 67 million (5 basis points).Over the full year  the cost of risk amounted to 28 basis points  landing below the guidance of between 30 and 35 basis points.Offshore exposure to Russia was reduced to EUR 1.8 billion of EAD (Exposure At Default) at 31 December 2022  i.e.  a decrease of around -45% since 31 December 2021. Exposure at risk on this portfolio is estimated at less than EUR 0.6 billion  compared with less than EUR 1 billion for the previous quarter. Total associated provisions stood at EUR 427 million at end-December 2022.Moreover  at end-December 2022  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank amounted to less than EUR 0.1 billion  corresponding mainly to guarantees and letters of credit.The Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 769 million at end-December  an increase of EUR 414 million in 2022.The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.8%(2) at 31 December 2022  down 10 basis points vs. 31 December 2021. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 48%(3) at 31 December 2022.The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to range between 30 and 35 basis points.(1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) NPL ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateralGroup net incomeIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264As a % Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2%Earnings per share amounts to EUR 1.73 in 2022 (EUR 5.97 in 2021). Underlying earnings per share amounts to EUR 6.10 over the same period (EUR 5.52 in 2021).Shareholder distributionThe Board of Directors approved its distribution policy to an equivalent of EUR 2.25 per share(2). A cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 May 2023. The dividend will be detached on 30 May 2023 and paid out on 1 June 2023.The Group is also planning to launch a share buyback programme for a total of around EUR 440 million  i.e.  equivalent to EUR 0.55 per share. The rollout of the programme is conditional on receiving the usual clearances from the ECB.Considering the strong financial performance in 2022 and an exceptional year  this distribution level ensures on one hand a fair remuneration of shareholders  and on the other hand  further strengthens the Group CET 1 ratio.Upscaled ESG actions and commitments by the GroupThe Group defined its new CSR ambition in 2022 and committed to accelerating the decarbonisation of its business portfolios. It also adopted a global approach to preserve biodiversity  enhance positive local impact and deploy an ESG culture to support clients in responsible social and energy transition.On this score  Societe Generale strengthened its ambitions to reduce finance for the most carbon-emissive sectors by setting new targets for upstream oil and gas. We are committed to reducing our exposure by -20% out to 2025 vs. 2019 and to scaling down scope 3 carbon emissions by -30% out to 2030 vs. 2019. Likewise  Societe Generale is targeting power generation emission intensity of 125g of Co2/KWh out to 2030. During 2022  the Group fixed a new sustainable finance contribution target of EUR 300 billion out to 2025. At end-2022  the bank had already exceeded the EUR 100 billion mark.The bank has also implemented several sectorial initiatives such as playing an active role in market coalitions destined to establish a common financing framework on aluminium  steel and aviation  and being at the forefront of rapid-growth economies  such as hydrogen. Societe Generale also increased the weight of biodiversity concerns when managing new commitments involving agriculture and logging operations by giving them greater prominence in its activities  and by taking active part in market initiatives to create common frameworks.Last  to integrate ESG considerations within the Group  Societe Generale launched a vast internal programme to make ESG culture second nature among its employees  notably by rolling out an extensive training programme and making ESG transformation operational as part of the “ESG by Design” strategic project.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECBTHE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 65.1 billion at 31 December 2021). Net asset value per share was EUR 70.5 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 62.3.The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 487 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 1 464 billion at 31 December 2021). The net amount of customer loan outstandings  including lease financing  was EUR 496 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 488 billion at 31 December 2021) – excluding assets and securities purchased under resale agreements. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 524 billion vs. EUR 502 billion at 31 December 2021 (excluding assets and securities sold under repurchase agreements).At 31 December 2022  the parent company had issued EUR 44 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 4.9 years and an average spread of 59 bps (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 2.7 billion. In total  the Group had issued EUR 46.7 billion of medium/long-term debt.The LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) was well above regulatory requirements at 141% at end-December 2022 (145% on average in Q4)  vs. 129% at end-December 2021. At the same time  the NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio) was at a level of 114% at end-December 2022.The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to EUR 360.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 363.4 billion at end-December 2021) according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk represent 83.4% of the total  at EUR 300.7 billion  down 1.4% vs. 31 December 2021.At 31 December 2022  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET1 ratio at 31 December 2022 includes an effect of +17 basis points for phasing of the IFRS 9 impact. Excluding this effect  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.3%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.3% at end-September 2022 (15.9% at end-December 2021) and the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (18.8% at end-December 2021).The leverage ratio stood at 4.4% at 31 December 2022 (4.9% at end-December 2021  including ~40 basis points for the European Central Bank’s transitional measures which ended in March 2022).With a level of 33.7% of RWA and 9.0% of leverage exposure at end-December 2022  the Group’s TLAC ratio is above the Financial Stability Board’s requirements for 2022. At 31 December 2022  the Group also exceeded its 2022 MREL requirements of 25.31% of RWA and 5.91% of leverage exposure.The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) Fitch Ratings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short- term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 219 2 221 -0.1% 8 839 8 489 +4.1% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 2 174 2 200 -1.2% 8 647 8 450 +2.3% Operating expenses (1 717) (1 688) +1.7% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 773) (1 731) +2.4% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Gross operating income 502 533 -5.8% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Underlying gross operating income(1) 446 490 -9.0% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Net cost of risk (219) 20 n/s (483) (125) x 3.9 Operating income 283 553 -48.8% 1 883 2 116 -11.0% Net profits or losses from other assets 51 21 x 2.4 57 23 x 2.5 Reported Group net income 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% Underlying Group net income(1) 208 383 -45.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% RONE 7.9% 14.0% 11.6% 12.9% Underlying RONE(1) 6.6% 12.9% 11.6% 12.9%(1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Includes activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorSociete Generale and Crédit du Nord networksAverage loan outstandings were +1.6% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 213 billion. Home loan outstandings rose +1.2% vs. Q4 21. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers were +2.4% higher than in Q4 21.Average outstanding balance sheet deposits including BMTN (negotiable medium-term notes) contracted by -2.6% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 235 billion.As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio stood at 91% in Q4 22 vs. 87% in Q4 21.Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 109 billion at end-December 2022  unchanged year-on-year (with the unit-linked share accounting for 32%). Gross life insurance inflow amounted to EUR 1.8 billion in Q4 22.Personal protection insurance premiums were up +4% vs. Q4 21 and property/casualty insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q4 21.On 1 January 2023  Societe Generale Group performed the legal merger of its two French retail banking networks  Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord. SG is henceforth the Group’s new retail bank in France. SG bank’s ambition is to create a top-tier banking partner  serving 10 million clients in the French market and ranking among the Top 3 for customer satisfaction.BoursoramaThe bank enjoyed a new client acquisition record  attracting more than 1.4 million new clients in 2022 (2x the 2021 level)  including nearly 396 000 in Q4 22 alone. The bank consolidated its position as the leading online bank in France  with almost 4.7 million clients at end-December 2022  and a target of more than 5.5 million clients at the end of 2023. In the meantime  the acquisition cost per client contracted by around -20% relative to 2021.Average outstanding loans rose +14.4% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 16 billion. Home loan outstandings were up +14.0% vs. Q4 21  while consumer loan outstandings climbed +18.0% vs. Q4 21.Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +38.1% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 49 billion  with deposits rising by a sharp +43.3% vs. Q4 21 on back of organic growth and the onboarding of ING clients. Brokerage recorded more than 1.5 million transactions in Q4 22 alone.Boursorama reinforced its day-to day banking operations with a +44% growth notably in payments vs. Q4 21.Private BankingPrivate Banking activities  which were transferred to French Retail Banking at the beginning of 2022  cover private banking activities in France and internationally. Assets under management totalled EUR 147 billion at Q4 22. Asset inflow growth rose +4% in 2022 relative to end-2021. Net banking income amounted to EUR 296 million in Q4 22 (+7.6% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 278 million over the full year (+15.9% vs. 2021).Net banking incomeIn Q4 22  revenues totalled EUR 2 219 million  stable vs. Q4 21  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  was down -1.8% vs. Q4 21  impacted primarily by the higher interest rate on regulated savings and the usury rate  which was partly offset by TLTRO benefits. Fees increased by +1.9% vs. Q4 21  driven by the +5% rise vs. Q4 21 in service and financial fees in the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks.In 2022  revenuestotalled EUR 8 839 million  up +4.1% vs. 2021  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  were up +2.9% vs. 2021. Fees were +5.6% higher than in 2021  benefiting from strong growth in service and financial fees.In respect of the outlook  2023 will be a transition year with decreased revenues due to the negative impacts of the end of the TLTRO benefit for around EUR 0.3bn vs. 2022  the specific functioning of the French market that will continue to curb loan production due to the usury rate  as was also the case in 2022  and the continued rise in the regulated savings rate that will have an impact on net banking income of around EUR 50m for each 25 basis point increase. Furthermore  net interest margin hedges that will gradually mature as of 2024 will deprive us in 2023 of the benefit of increased savings.Operating expensesQuarterly operating expenses totalled EUR 1 717 million (+1.7% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 773 million on an underlying basis (+2.4% vs. Q4 21). Operating expenses  which were adjusted for the Value Sharing Premium (PPV) provision  contracted by -0.7% vs. Q4 21. The cost to income ratio stood at 77% for Q4 22.In 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 473 million (+3.6% vs. 2021). The cost to income ratio stood at 73%  down 0.4 points vs. 2021.Cost of riskIn Q4 22  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 219 million or 35 basis points. It was higher than in Q4 21 (by 3 basis points).In 2022  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 483 million or 20 basis points  higher than in 2021 (by 5 basis points).Contribution to Group net IncomeIn Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 250 million in Q4 22  down -39.6% vs. Q4 21. RONE(1) stood at 6.6% in Q4 22 (8.4% excluding Boursorama).In 2022  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 1 445 million  contracting to -6.8% vs. 2021. Underlying normative RONE came to 11.6% in 2022 (13.4% excluding Boursorama).(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition of accounting data)4. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 369 2 159 +9.7% +17.4%* 9 122 8 117 +12.4% +17.9%* Operating expenses (1 100) (1 088) +1.1% +10.9%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 131) (1 112) +1.7% +11.3%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Gross operating income 1 269 1 071 +18.5% +23.4%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 238 1 047 +18.3% +23.3%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Net cost of risk (133) (96) +38.5% +68.3%* (705) (504) +39.9% +7.6%* Operating income 1 136 975 +16.5% +19.7%* 4 083 3 410 +19.7% +29.9%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 8 n/s n/s 11 18 -38.9% -36.8%* Reported Group net income 658 584 +12.7% +16.1%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 640 570 +12.3% +15.7%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* RONE 25.0% 22.2% 22.4% 20.3% Underlying RONE(1) 24.3% 21.7% 22.4% 20.3%(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted healthy momentum of EUR 88.2 billion  up +5.6%* for 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 78.5 billion  a slightly +1.4%* than 2021.For the Europe scope  outstanding loans were up +4.9%* vs. 2021 at EUR 63.8 billion  driven by positive momentum on the corporate segment in the Czech Republic (+11.0%* vs. 2021). Outstanding deposits are stable* at EUR 51.6 billion. Robust momentum in Romania (+8.3%* vs. 2021) offset the slowdown in the Czech Republic notably due to a shift in some deposits towards financial savings.In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans confirmed their solid commercial performances in Q4 22. Over the year  outstanding deposits continued to enjoy positive momentum  up by +7.5%* and +5.6%* respectively vs. 2021.In the Insurance business  life insurance outstandings showed resilience in 2022  totalling EUR 131.6 billion despite unfavourable market conditions. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings remained high at 36%. Gross life insurance savings inflow amounted to EUR 12 754 million in 2022 (42% of unit-linked products in 2022). Protection insurance saw an increase of +5.8%* vs. 2021  with good momentum for personal protection premiums that rose +8.0%* and a more minor +4.1%* increase for P&C insurance.Financial Services also enjoyed very solid momentum. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.1% vs. end-December 2021 and the number of contracts totalled 1.8 million (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus and remediation actions agreed with anti-trust authorities  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher (+2.2%) than at end-September 2021  at EUR 15 billion (excluding factoring).Net banking incomeNet banking income amounted to EUR 9 122 million over the full year  up +17.9%* vs. 2021. Net banking income came to EUR 2 369 million in Q4 22  up +17.4%* vs. Q4 21.International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at 5 153 million  up +11.5%* vs. 2021. International Retail Banking’s net banking income totalled EUR 1 280 million in Q4 22  up +8.3%*.Revenues in Europe climbed +13.5%* vs. 2021  due primarily to substantial growth in net interest income (+15.7%*)  driven notably by the Czech Republic (+33.6%*) and Romania (+17.5%*). These regions benefit from increased volumes and high interest rates.The Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories scope posted revenues up +8.7%* vs. 2021 on back of net interest income (+5.0%*) and fees (+11.2%*).The Insurance business posted net banking income up +6.5%*  at EUR 1 012 million vs. 2021 driven by stronger life insurance savings and protection activities. Over the quarter  net banking income for the Insurance activity grew by +10.6%* vs. Q4 21 to EUR 263 million.Financial Services’ net banking income was substantially higher (+37.9%*) than in Q4 21  at EUR 826 million. ALD benefited again last quarter from robust commercial momentum  strong used-car sale results and the reduction of the vehicle depreciation costs in line with the current increase in vehicle values. Over the year  ALD’s net banking income was up +43%* vs. 2021 driven by positive commercial dynamics and still strong used car sales results (EUR 2 846 per unit in 2022).In 2022  Financial Services’ net banking income totalled EUR 2 957 million in 2022  up +35.8%* vs. 2021.Operating expensesOperating expenses increased by +10.0%* vs. 2021 to EUR 4 334 million  generating a positive jaws effect that produced a cost to income ratio that stood at 47.5% in 2022  which was lower than in 2021 (51.8%). In Q4 22  operating expenses rose (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) by +11.3%*(1) vs. Q4 21 to EUR 1 131 million(1) .In International Retail Banking  rising costs were kept contained over the year at +5.9%* vs. 2021 despite spiking inflation.In the Insurance business  operating expenses were up +7.2%* vs. 2021  with a cost to income ratio of 38.6%.In Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +22.1%* vs. 2021. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of charges related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition.Cost of riskIn 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 52 basis points (EUR 705 million). It was 38 basis points in 2021.In Q4 22  the cost of risk was higher at 40 basis points (EUR 133 million)  vs. 28 basis points in Q4 21.Contribution to Group net IncomeThe contribution to Group net income was EUR 2 376 million in 2021 (+25.6%* vs. 2021) and totalled EUR 640 million(1) in Q4 22  up 15.7%*(1) vs. Q4 21.RONE stood at 22.4% in 2022 and 24.3%(1) in Q4 22. Underlying RONE(1) was 15.1% in International Retail Banking and 30.6% in Financial Services and Insurance in 2022.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation Net banking income 2 452 2 147 +14.2% +14.7%* 10 082 8 818 +14.3% +12.9%* Operating expenses (1 469) (1 402) +4.8% +5.4%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 654) (1 523) +8.6% +9.2%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Gross operating income 983 745 +31.9% +32.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 798 624 +27.8% +28.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Net cost of risk (78) (3) x 26.0 x 102.8* (421) (65) x 6.5 x 6.1* Operating income 905 742 +22.0% +21.9%* 3 027 2 503 +20.9% +16.0%* Reported Group net income 754 621 +21.4% +21.4%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 611 528 +15.8% +15.7%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* RONE 19.1% 16.8% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying RONE(1) 15.5% 14.3% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%*(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Excludes other activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorNet banking incomeGlobal Banking & Investor Solutions delivered record revenue in 2022(2)  posting revenue up by +14.3% vs. 2021 of EUR 10 082 million  driven by robust momentum across all business lines. This very sound financial performance is predominantly due to the highly successful execution of the strategic plan unveiled in May 2021  the aim of which is to create value continuously over the long term.In Q4 22  revenues jumped by +14.2% vs. Q4 21  to EUR 2 452 million.In Global Markets & Investor Services  net banking income totalled EUR 6 708 million  up +18.7% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  it amounted to EUR 1 496 million  +19.1% vs. Q4 21.Global Markets notched up a record performance(2) of EUR 5 859 million  up +17.1% vs. 2021  benefiting from robust commercial activity in a durably volatile environment  particularly with regard to interest rates. In Q4 22  revenues stood at EUR 1 222 million  +11.2% vs. Q4 21.The Equity activity recorded its best-ever year(2) in 2022  registering revenues of EUR 3 294 million   up +4.7% vs. 2021. Over the quarter  revenues contracted by -11.5% vs. Q4 21 revenues  which were comparatively very high.Amid highly volatile interest rates  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) posted a record year(2)  generating EUR 2 565 million in revenues  up +38.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  revenues rose to EUR 577 million  (+55.9% vs. Q4 21).Securities Services’ revenues grew +31.2% in 2022 to EUR 849 million  including EUR 168 million from a 2022 revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. In Q4 22  revenues climbed +74.5% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 274 million  including EUR 91 million from a revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 257 billion and EUR 580 billion  respectively.Financing & Advisory activities also posted an excellent performance  with record annual revenues of EUR 3 374 million  up +15.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  they amounted to EUR 956 million  significantly higher (+16.6%) than in Q4 21.(2) Using a comparable economic model in the post-GFC (Global Financial Crisis) regulatory regimeThe Global Banking & Advisory business grew +9.3% in 2022 and continued to capitalise on solid market momentum in Asset Finance and activities related to Natural Resources. The Asset-Backed Products platform also turned in a solid performance in 2022. By contrast  investment banking activities were negatively impacted by market conditions and falling volumes. In Q4 22  revenues grew +6.3%.Global Transaction and Payment Services posted a record performance  with revenue growth of 44.7% in 2022 on the back of very strong performances across all activities that took advantage of rising interest rates and excellent commercial performances. Over the quarter  revenues surged by +67.9% vs. Q4 21.Operating expensesIn 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 634 million (+6.1% vs. 2021). The increase can be primarily explained by a negative currency effect owing to the stronger US dollar and a rise in IFRIC 21 charges. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  operating expenses rose +2.8% vs. 2021.Consistent with a positive jaws effect  the underlying cost to income ratio excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund improved strongly to 59.6% vs. 66.3% in 2021.In Q4 22  operating costs grew +4.8% to EUR 1 469 million.Cost of riskIn 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 23 basis points (EUR 421 million).In Q4 22  the cost of risk came to 16 basis points (EUR 78 million).Contribution to Group net IncomeThe contribution to Group net income grew sharply by +20.3% to EUR 2 427 million in 2022.In Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 754 million on a reported basis and EUR 611 million on an underlying basis(1) (+15.8% vs. Q4 21).Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong RONE of 16.3% in 2022 (19.5% restated for the impact of the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund).The underlying RONE was 15.5% in Q4 22  and 18.5% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund.(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Net banking income (155) 93 16 374 Underlying net banking income(1) (155) (24) 16 257 Operating expenses (324) (387) (1 189) (889) Underlying operating expenses(1) (160) (251) (550) (510) Gross operating income (479) (294) (1 173) (515) Underlying gross operating income(1) (315) (275) (534) (253) Net cost of risk 17 (7) (38) (6) Net profits or losses from other assets (60) 429 (3 364) 603 Income tax 31 193 516 187 Reported Group net income (502) 168 (4 230) (9) Underlying Group net income(1) (333) (255) (633) (386)(1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)The Corporate Centre includes:the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects as well as certain costs incurred by the Group not re-invoiced to the businesses.The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR +16 million in 2022 vs. EUR +374 million in 2021  and EUR -155 million in Q4 22 vs. EUR +93 million in Q4 21. It includes the negative revaluation of financial instruments to hedge the equity portfolios of Group subsidiaries  in contrast to 2021  when the Corporate Centre’s net banking income included the positive revaluation of an asset valued at EUR 117 million.Operating expenses totalled EUR 1 189 million in 2022 vs. EUR 889 million in 2021. They include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR 639 million relating to the activities of French Retail Banking (EUR 370 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR 117 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR 152 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -550 million in 2022 compared to EUR -510 million in 2021.Gross operating income totalled EUR -1 173 million in 2022 vs. EUR -515 million in 2021. Underlying gross operating income came in at EUR -534 million in 2022  vs. EUR -253 million in 2021.Net profits or losses from other assets totalled EUR -3 364 million in 2022 vs. EUR 603 million in 2021. It includes the EUR -3.3 billion accounting loss from the disposal of Rosbank and insurance activities in Russia recognised in H1 22.In Q4 22  net profits or losses from other assets stood at EUR -60 million  vs. EUR 429 million in Q4 21  with an unfavourable base effect owing to the disposal of Lyxor’s asset management activities for EUR 439 million recognised in Q4 21.The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -4 230 million in 2022 vs. EUR -9 million in 2021. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income was EUR -633 million in 2022  vs. EUR -386 million in 2021.7. 2023 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 Financial communication calendar12 May 2023 First quarter 2023 results23 May 2023 2023 General Meeting3 August 2023 Second quarter and first half 2023 results 3 November 2023 Third quarter and nine months 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal.8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation French Retail Banking 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 658 584 +12.7% 2 376 2 082 +14.1% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 754 621 +21.4% 2 427 2 018 +20.3% Core Businesses 1 662 1 619 +2.7% 6 248 5 650 +10.6% Corporate Centre (502) 168 n/s (4 230) (9) n/s Group 1 160 1 787 -35.1% 2 018 5 641 -64.2%NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of LyxorCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETIn EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Cash  due from central banks 207 013 179 969 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 329 437 342 714 Hedging derivatives 32 850 13 239 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 37 463 43 450 Securities at amortised cost 21 430 19 371 Due from banks at amortised cost 66 903 55 972 Customer loans at amortised cost 506 529 497 164 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (2 262) 131 Investments of insurance companies 158 415 178 898 Tax assets 4 696 4 812 Other assets 85 072 92 898 Non-current assets held for sale 1 081 27 Deferred profit-sharing 1 175 - Investments accounted for using the equity method 146 95 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 33 089 31 968 Goodwill 3 781 3 741 Total 1 486 818 1 464 449In EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Due to central banks 8 361 5 152 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 300 618 307 563 Hedging derivatives 46 164 10 425 Debt securities issued 133 176 135 324 Due to banks 132 988 139 177 Customer deposits 530 764 509 133 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (9 659) 2 832 Tax liabilities 1 638 1 577 Other liabilities 107 553 106 305 Non-current liabilities held for sale 220 1 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 688 155 288 Provisions 4 579 4 850 Subordinated debts 15 946 15 959 Total liabilities 1 414 036 1 393 586 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 248 21 913 Other equity instruments 9 136 7 534 Retained earnings 34 267 30 631 Net income 2 018 5 641 Sub-total 66 669 65 719 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses (218) (652) Sub-total equity  Group share 66 451 65 067 Non-controlling interests 6 331 5 796 Total equity 72 782 70 863 Total 1 486 818 1 464 4499. APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was examined by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited.2 - Net banking incomeThe pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity.3 - Operating expensesOperating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in note 8.1 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2021 (pages 482 et seq. of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.4 - IFRIC 21 adjustmentThe IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed.The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (« SRF ») are part of IFRIC21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU.5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying dataIt may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment.Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings.The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below:in EUR m Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Exceptional Net banking income (+) 0 (117) 0 (117) Revaluation gain 0 (117) 0 (117) Exceptional operating expenses (-) (108) (52) 639 379 IFRIC linearisation (285) (199) 0 0 Transformation costs(1) 177 147 639 379 Of which related to French Retail Banking 69 91 370 201 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 54 30 117 92 Of which related to Corporate Centre 54 26 152 86 Exceptional Net profit or losses from other assets (+/-) 54 (439) 3 357 (624) Goodwill impairment (-)(1) 0 114 0 114 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) (54) (494) 3 996 (248) DTA recognition (+)(1) 0 (130) 0 (130) Total exceptional items (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Reported Net income - Group Share 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264(1) Allocated to Corporate CentreNB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor(2)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandingsThe cost of risk is defined on pages 43 and 663 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases.In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 219 (20) 483 125 Gross loan Outstandings 250 175 237 305 246 249 235 220 Cost of Risk in bp 35 (3) 20 5 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 133 96 705 504 Gross loan Outstandings 133 756 137 018 135 743 133 321 Cost of Risk in bp 40 28 52 38 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 78 3 421 65 Gross loan Outstandings 190 079 160 333 182 110 148 426 Cost of Risk in bp 16 1 23 4 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (17) 7 38 6 Gross loan Outstandings 16 363 14 574 15 411 13 835 Cost of Risk in bp (41) 16 25 4 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 413 86 1 647 700 Gross loan Outstandings 590 373 549 229 579 513 530 801 Cost of Risk in bp 28 6 28 13The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”).7 - ROE  ROTE  RONEThe notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 and 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodologyEnd of period (in EURm) Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 66 451 65 067 66 451 65 067 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (10 017) (8 003) Undated subordinated notes - - - - Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 (24) 20 OCI excluding conversion reserves 1 279 (489) 1 279 (489) Distribution provision(2) (1 803) (2 286) (1 803) (2 286) Distribution N-1 to be paid 0 - 0 - ROE equity end-of-period 55 886 54 310 55 886 54 310 Average ROE equity* 55 889 53 878 55 164 52 634 Average Goodwill (3 660) (3 776) (3 650) (3 890) Average Intangible Assets (2 835) (2 687) (2 760) (2 584) Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 Group net Income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 337 3 337 Ajusted Group net Income 968 1 973 1 425 5 388 Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying Group net income 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 3 - Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 934 1 075 5 023 4 674 Average ROTE equity (underlying) (h)* 49 360 46 854 52 352 45 783 Underlying ROTE 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2%(1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(2) Based on the 2022 proposed distribution subject to usual approvals from the General meeting and the ECB(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm)In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change French Retail Banking 12 673 11 847 +7.0% 12 417 12 009 +3.4% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 531 10 523 +0.1% 10 619 10 246 +3.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 806 14 745 +7.2% 14 916 14 055 +6.1% Core Businesses 39 009 37 115 +5.1% 37 951 36 310 +4.5% Corporate Center 16 880 16 763 +0.7% 17 213 16 323 +5.4% Group 55 889 53 878 +3.7% 55 164 52 634 +4.8%NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor8 - Net assets and tangible net assetsNet assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 46 of the Group’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below:End of period (in EURm) 2022 2021 2020 Shareholders' equity Group share* 66 451 65 067 61 710 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (8 830) Undated subordinated notes 0 0 (264) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 19 Bookvalue of own shares in trading portfolio 67 37 301 Net Asset Value* 56 477 57 121 52 936 Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) (3 928) Intangible Assets (2 882) (2 733) (2 484) Net Tangible Asset Value* 49 943 50 764 46 524 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS** 801 147 831 162 848 859 Net Asset Value per Share 70.5 68.7 62.4 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.3 61.1 54.8(1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(* *) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.In accordance with IAS 33  historical data per share prior to the date of detachment of a preferential subscription right are restated by the adjustment coefficient for the transaction.9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS)The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table:Average number of shares (thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Existing shares 845 478 853 371 853 371 Deductions 0 Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 252 3 861 2 987 Other own shares and treasury shares 16 788 3 249 0 Number of shares used to calculate EPS* 822 437 846 261 850 385 Group net Income 2 018 5 641 (258) Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (596) (590) (611) Adjusted Group net income (in EURm) 1 422 5 051 (869) EPS (in EUR) 1.73 5.97 (1.02) Underlying EPS** (in EUR) 6.10 5.52 0.97(*) Calculated on the basis of underlying Group net income (excluding linearisation of IFRIC 21).(**) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios.NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules.(2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.13,0.31,True,English,"['2022 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES', 'record annual new client growth', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'new SG retail bank', 'operational efficiency improvement actions', 'Bernstein joint venture deal', 'French retail banking market', 'underlying gross operating income', 'General Meeting FINANCIAL TARGETS', 'new retail bank', 'Underlying Group net income', 'International Retail Banking', 'retail banking networks', 'new CSR ambitions', 'Single Resolution Fund', 'Upscaled ESG actions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'record underlying performances', 'Net banking income', 'digital transformation initiatives', 'major strategic progress', 'CET1 ratio target', 'responsible energy transition', 'share buyback programme', 'SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'solid performance', 'sharp growth', 'Record revenues', 'French English', 'Private Banking', 'Strong improvement', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'business developments', 'Operating expenses', 'income ratio', 'financial guidance', 'MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS', 'ESG considerations', 'decarbonisation ambitions', 'Equities business', 'underlying profitability', 'underlying data', 'Net cost', 'Press release', 'historical highs', 'Global Markets', 'low level', 'prudent provisioning', 'Russian subsidiaries', 'regulatory requirement', 'cash dividend', 'Basel IV', 'negative impacts', 'specific functioning', 'methodology note', 'usual approvals', 'Decisive milestones', 'Societe Generale', 'Accelerated development', 'global leaders', 'sustainable mobility', 'successful adaptation', 'Ongoing rollout', 'decisive stage', 'mobility sector', 'commercial momentum', 'balance sheet', 'ongoing projects', 'many respects', 'CET 1 ratio', 'accounting data', 'Group activities', '28 basis points', '17 basis points', '35 basis points', 'total number', 'uncertain environment', 'capital impact', 'complex environment', 'legal merger', 'transition year', 'Rosbank disposal', '420 basis', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', '8 February', 'Financing', 'Advisory', 'ALD', 'contribution', 'risk', 'defaults', 'provisions', 'performing', 'loans', 'EUR', 'end-December', 'ROTE', 'Q4', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'benefit', 'shares', 'circulation', 'ECB', 'France', 'schedule', '1 January', 'launch', 'Boursorama', 'clients', 'Plans', 'track', 'acquisition', 'LeasePlan', 'creation', 'Rapid', 'commitments', 'reinforcement', 'value', 'aim', 'businesses', 'strength', 'determination', 'Change', '61.0', '9.', '7.', '30', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17945,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Fourth-quarter-2022-full-year-results-42924564/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2022 full year results,(marketscreener.com) RESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 Press releaseParis  8 February 2023 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES Record revenues up by +9.3% vs. 2021  driven by historical highs in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  sharp growth in …,Societe Generale: Fourth quarter & 2022 full year results 02/08/2023 | 12:26am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fieldsRESULTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022Press releaseParis  8 February 2023 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES Record revenues up by +9.3%(1) vs. 2021  driven by historical highs in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  sharp growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking  and a solid performance by French Retail Banking Strong improvement in the cost to income ratio to 61.0%(1) (vs. 64.4%(1) in 2021)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund Cost of risk at 28 basis points  with a low level of defaults at 17 basis points and continued prudent provisioning resulting in provisions on performing loans of EUR 3.8bn at end-December 2022 Underlying Group net income of EUR 5.6bn(1) (EUR 2.0bn on a reported basis including the impact of the disposal of Rosbank and its Russian subsidiaries)  underlying profitability of 9.6%(1) (ROTE) SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTS In Q4 22  underlying gross operating income came to EUR 2.2bn(1) +14.9% vs. Q4 21 Underlying Group net income at EUR 1.1bn(1) (EUR 1.2bn on a reported basis)  underlying profitability at 7.6%(1) CET 1 ratio of 13.5%(2) at end-2022  around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirement DISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERS Distribution of EUR 1.8bn  equivalent to EUR 2.25 per share(3) (4)  i.e.: a cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share to be proposed at the General Meeting a share buyback programme   of approximately EUR 440m  equivalent to around EUR 0.55 per shareto be proposed at the General Meeting FINANCIAL TARGETS 2025: financial targets confirmed  notably a cost to income ratio below 62%  expected profitability of 10% (ROTE) based on a CET1 ratio target of 12% post Basel IV 2023: a transition year  with the negative impacts related to the end of the TLTRO benefit and to the specific functioning of the French retail banking marketUnderlying cost to income ratio (1)  excluding contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  expected at between 66% and 68%Cost of risk is expected at between 30 and 35 basis points (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)  (2) Phased-in ratio (fully-loaded ratio of 13.3%)  (3) Based on the number of shares in circulation at 31/12/2022  (4) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS IN STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Decisive milestones achieved in the merger of the retail banking networks in France  resulting in the legal merger - on schedule - of the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks on 1 January 2023 and the launch of a new retail bank in France Accelerated development of Boursorama  with record annual new client growth of 1.4 million  taking the total number of clients to 4.7 million at end-2022 Plans on track to create global leaders in sustainable mobility and equities with the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD and the creation of the Bernstein joint venture Rapid and successful adaptation amid a complex and uncertain environment  particularly as regards the Rosbank disposal  which had limited capital impact Upscaled ESG actions and commitments by the Group  notably by integrating ESG considerations across all Group activities and a reinforcement of our decarbonisation ambitions Ongoing rollout of digital transformation initiatives and operational efficiency improvement actions Fréderic Oudéa  the Group’s Chief Executive Officer  commented: “2022 marked a decisive stage for the Group  which was able to deliver record underlying performances while adapting itself swiftly and efficiently to an uncertain and complex environment. Throughout the year  the Group made major strategic progress that has unlocked value. We launched the new SG retail bank resulting from the merger of our networks in France and pushed further ahead at Boursorama. The planned acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD in the mobility sector and the planned Bernstein joint venture deal for our Equities business will create global leaders. We also defined the Group’s new CSR ambitions with the aim of supporting our clients in responsible energy transition. Building on the commercial momentum of the businesses and the strength of the balance sheet  the Group is confident of being able to reap the benefit of ongoing projects and business developments  confirms its financial guidance for 2025  and is embarking with determination on 2023  a year of transition in many respects.” GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 6 885 6 620 +4.0% +6.2%* 28 059 25 798 +8.8% +9.7%* Underlying net banking income(1) 6 885 6 503 +5.9% +8.1%* 28 059 25 681 +9.3% +10.2%* Operating expenses (4 610) (4 565) +1.0% +3.3%* (18 630) (17 590) +5.9% +7.5%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (4 718) (4 617) +2.2% +4.5%* (17 991) (17 211) +4.5% +6.1%* Gross operating income 2 275 2 055 +10.7% +12.5%* 9 429 8 208 +14.9% +14.4%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 2 167 1 886 +14.9% +16.9%* 10 068 8 470 +18.9% +18.4%* Net cost of risk (413) (86) x 4.8 x 6.3* (1 647) (700) x 2.4 +93.0%* Operating income 1 862 1 969 -5.4% -4.7%* 7 782 7 508 +3.6% +5.3%* Underlying operating income(1) 1 754 1 800 -2.6% -1.7%* 8 421 7 770 +8.4% +10.1%* Net profits or losses from other assets (4) 449 n/s n/s (3 290) 635 n/s n/s Income tax (484) (311) +55.5% +55.5%* (1 560) (1 697) -8.1% -5.8%* Net income 1 381 1 995 -30.8% -30.2%* 2 947 6 338 -53.5% -53.2%* O.w. non-controlling interests 221 208 +6.3% +7.6%* 929 697 +33.3% +32.3%* Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 -35.1% -34.5%* 2 018 5 641 -64.2% -64.0%* Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 -8.1% -7.2%* 5 616 5 264 +6.7% +7.9%* ROE 6.9% 12.1% 2.6% 9.6% +0.0% +0.0%* ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2% +0.0% +0.0%* (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) Societe Generale’s Board of Directors  which met on 7 February 2023 under the chairmanship of Lorenzo Bini Smaghi  examined the Societe Generale Group’s results for Q4 and FY 2022. The various restatements enabling the transition from underlying data to published data are presented in the methodology notes (section 9.5). Net banking income Underlying net banking income(1) grew strongly in 2022 at +9.3% (+10.2%*) vs. 2021  fuelled by record performances in Financing & Advisory  Global Markets and ALD  strong growth in Private Banking and International Retail Banking and a solid performance by the French Retail Bank. French Retail Banking revenues grew +4.1% vs. 2021 fuelled notably by robust service fee growth and a very solid showing by Private Banking. International Retail Banking & Financial Services’ revenues rose +12.4% (+17.9%*) vs. 2021  driven by a record performance at ALD and strong growth at International Retail Banking whose revenues grew +11.5%* vs. 2021. Financial Services’ net banking income was significantly higher by +35.8%* vs. 2021  while Insurance net banking income increased by +6.5%* vs. 2021. Global Banking & Investor Solutions’ revenues were up +14.3% (+12.9%*) vs. 2021. Global Markets & Investor Services’ revenues posted a +18.7% increase in revenues (14.1%*) vs. 2021  while Financing & Advisory activities increased by +15.2% (+10.7%*) vs. 2021. In Q4 22  the Group continued to post robust revenue growth of +5.9% (+8.1%*) vs. Q4 21. Operating expenses In 2022  operating expenses totalled EUR 18 630 million on a reported basis and EUR 17 991 million on an underlying basis (restated for transformation costs)  i.e.  an increase of +4.5% vs. 2021 (on an underlying basis). The rise can be mainly attributed to the EUR 864 million contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  and increase of EUR 278 million  currency effects  notably in US dollars and a rise in the variable components of employee remuneration associated with higher revenues.Underlying(1) gross operating income increased by +18.9% to EUR 10 068 million in 2022  while the underlying(1) cost to income ratio (excluding the Single Resolution Fund) posted a 3.4 point improvement to 61.0% (vs. 64.4% in 2021). In Q4 22  operating expenses totalled EUR 4 610 million on a reported basis and EUR 4 718 million on an underlying basis (restated for the linearisation of IFRIC 21 and transformation costs)  i.e.  a limited increase of +2.2% vs. Q4 21. Excluding the Single Resolution Fund  the underlying(1) cost to income ratio is expected to range between 66% and 68% in 2023  based notably on normalised revenues in Global Markets. Cost of risk The cost of risk remained moderate at 28 basis points in Q4 22  or EUR 413 million. It breaks down into a provision on non-performing loans which remains limited at EUR 346 million (23 basis points)  and an additional provision on performing loans of EUR 67 million (5 basis points). Over the full year  the cost of risk amounted to 28 basis points  landing below the guidance of between 30 and 35 basis points. Offshore exposure to Russia was reduced to EUR 1.8 billion of EAD (Exposure At Default) at 31 December 2022  i.e.  a decrease of around -45% since 31 December 2021. Exposure at risk on this portfolio is estimated at less than EUR 0.6 billion  compared with less than EUR 1 billion for the previous quarter. Total associated provisions stood at EUR 427 million at end-December 2022. Moreover  at end-December 2022  the Group’s residual exposure to Rosbank amounted to less than EUR 0.1 billion  corresponding mainly to guarantees and letters of credit. The Group’s provisions on performing loans amounted to EUR 3 769 million at end-December  an increase of EUR 414 million in 2022. The non-performing loans ratio amounted to 2.8%(2) at 31 December 2022  down 10 basis points vs. 31 December 2021. The gross coverage ratio on doubtful loans for the Group stood at 48%(3) at 31 December 2022. The cost of risk in 2023 is expected to range between 30 and 35 basis points. (1) Underlying data (see Methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) NPL ratio calculated according to EBA methodology published on 16 July 2019(3) Ratio of S3 assets calculated on the gross carrying amount of the loans before offsetting guarantees and collateralGroup net income In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Reported Group net income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Underlying Group net income(1) 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264As a % Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying ROTE(1) 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2% Earnings per share amounts to EUR 1.73 in 2022 (EUR 5.97 in 2021). Underlying earnings per share amounts to EUR 6.10 over the same period (EUR 5.52 in 2021). Shareholder distribution The Board of Directors approved its distribution policy to an equivalent of EUR 2.25 per share(2). A cash dividend of EUR 1.70 per share will be proposed at the General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 May 2023. The dividend will be detached on 30 May 2023 and paid out on 1 June 2023. The Group is also planning to launch a share buyback programme for a total of around EUR 440 million  i.e.  equivalent to EUR 0.55 per share. The rollout of the programme is conditional on receiving the usual clearances from the ECB. Considering the strong financial performance in 2022 and an exceptional year  this distribution level ensures on one hand a fair remuneration of shareholders  and on the other hand  further strengthens the Group CET 1 ratio. Upscaled ESG actions and commitments by the Group The Group defined its new CSR ambition in 2022 and committed to accelerating the decarbonisation of its business portfolios. It also adopted a global approach to preserve biodiversity  enhance positive local impact and deploy an ESG culture to support clients in responsible social and energy transition. On this score  Societe Generale strengthened its ambitions to reduce finance for the most carbon-emissive sectors by setting new targets for upstream oil and gas. We are committed to reducing our exposure by -20% out to 2025 vs. 2019 and to scaling down scope 3 carbon emissions by -30% out to 2030 vs. 2019. Likewise  Societe Generale is targeting power generation emission intensity of 125g of Co2/KWh out to 2030. During 2022  the Group fixed a new sustainable finance contribution target of EUR 300 billion out to 2025. At end-2022  the bank had already exceeded the EUR 100 billion mark. The bank has also implemented several sectorial initiatives such as playing an active role in market coalitions destined to establish a common financing framework on aluminium  steel and aviation  and being at the forefront of rapid-growth economies  such as hydrogen. Societe Generale also increased the weight of biodiversity concerns when managing new commitments involving agriculture and logging operations by giving them greater prominence in its activities  and by taking active part in market initiatives to create common frameworks. Last  to integrate ESG considerations within the Group  Societe Generale launched a vast internal programme to make ESG culture second nature among its employees  notably by rolling out an extensive training programme and making ESG transformation operational as part of the “ESG by Design” strategic project. (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No.5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)(2) Subject to usual approvals from the General Meeting and the ECB THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STRUCTUREGroup shareholders’ equity totalled EUR 66.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 65.1 billion at 31 December 2021). Net asset value per share was EUR 70.5 and tangible net asset value per share was EUR 62.3. The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 1 487 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 1 464 billion at 31 December 2021). The net amount of customer loan outstandings  including lease financing  was EUR 496 billion at 31 December 2022 (EUR 488 billion at 31 December 2021) – excluding assets and securities purchased under resale agreements. At the same time  customer deposits amounted to EUR 524 billion vs. EUR 502 billion at 31 December 2021 (excluding assets and securities sold under repurchase agreements). At 31 December 2022  the parent company had issued EUR 44 billion of medium/long-term debt  having an average maturity of 4.9 years and an average spread of 59 bps (over 6-month midswaps  excluding subordinated debt). The subsidiaries had issued EUR 2.7 billion. In total  the Group had issued EUR 46.7 billion of medium/long-term debt. The LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) was well above regulatory requirements at 141% at end-December 2022 (145% on average in Q4)  vs. 129% at end-December 2021. At the same time  the NSFR (Net Stable Funding Ratio) was at a level of 114% at end-December 2022. The Group’s risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to EUR 360.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (vs. EUR 363.4 billion at end-December 2021) according to CRR2/CRD5 rules. Risk-weighted assets in respect of credit risk represent 83.4% of the total  at EUR 300.7 billion  down 1.4% vs. 31 December 2021. At 31 December 2022  the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.5%  or around 420 basis points above the regulatory requirement. The CET1 ratio at 31 December 2022 includes an effect of +17 basis points for phasing of the IFRS 9 impact. Excluding this effect  the fully-loaded ratio amounts to 13.3%. The Tier 1 ratio stood at 16.3% at end-September 2022 (15.9% at end-December 2021) and the total capital ratio amounted to 19.4% (18.8% at end-December 2021). The leverage ratio stood at 4.4% at 31 December 2022 (4.9% at end-December 2021  including ~40 basis points for the European Central Bank’s transitional measures which ended in March 2022). With a level of 33.7% of RWA and 9.0% of leverage exposure at end-December 2022  the Group’s TLAC ratio is above the Financial Stability Board’s requirements for 2022. At 31 December 2022  the Group also exceeded its 2022 MREL requirements of 25.31% of RWA and 5.91% of leverage exposure. The Group is rated by four rating agencies: (i) Fitch Ratings - long-term rating “A-”  stable rating  senior preferred debt rating “A”  short-term rating “F1” (ii) Moody’s - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A1”  stable outlook  short-term rating “P-1” (iii) R&I - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook; and (iv) S&P Global Ratings - long-term rating (senior preferred debt) “A”  stable outlook  short- term rating “A-1”.3. FRENCH RETAIL BANKINGIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 219 2 221 -0.1% 8 839 8 489 +4.1% Net banking income excl. PEL/CEL 2 174 2 200 -1.2% 8 647 8 450 +2.3% Operating expenses (1 717) (1 688) +1.7% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 773) (1 731) +2.4% (6 473) (6 248) +3.6% Gross operating income 502 533 -5.8% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Underlying gross operating income(1) 446 490 -9.0% 2 366 2 241 +5.6% Net cost of risk (219) 20 n/s (483) (125) x 3.9 Operating income 283 553 -48.8% 1 883 2 116 -11.0% Net profits or losses from other assets 51 21 x 2.4 57 23 x 2.5 Reported Group net income 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% Underlying Group net income(1) 208 383 -45.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% RONE 7.9% 14.0% 11.6% 12.9% Underlying RONE(1) 6.6% 12.9% 11.6% 12.9% (1) Including PEL/CEL provision and adjusted for the linearisation of IFRIC 21NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Includes activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks Average loan outstandings were +1.6% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 213 billion. Home loan outstandings rose +1.2% vs. Q4 21. Outstanding loans to corporate and professional customers were +2.4% higher than in Q4 21. Average outstanding balance sheet deposits including BMTN (negotiable medium-term notes) contracted by -2.6% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 235 billion. As a result  the average loan/deposit ratio stood at 91% in Q4 22 vs. 87% in Q4 21. Life insurance assets under management totalled EUR 109 billion at end-December 2022  unchanged year-on-year (with the unit-linked share accounting for 32%). Gross life insurance inflow amounted to EUR 1.8 billion in Q4 22. Personal protection insurance premiums were up +4% vs. Q4 21 and property/casualty insurance premiums were up +3% vs. Q4 21. On 1 January 2023  Societe Generale Group performed the legal merger of its two French retail banking networks  Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord. SG is henceforth the Group’s new retail bank in France. SG bank’s ambition is to create a top-tier banking partner  serving 10 million clients in the French market and ranking among the Top 3 for customer satisfaction. Boursorama The bank enjoyed a new client acquisition record  attracting more than 1.4 million new clients in 2022 (2x the 2021 level)  including nearly 396 000 in Q4 22 alone. The bank consolidated its position as the leading online bank in France  with almost 4.7 million clients at end-December 2022  and a target of more than 5.5 million clients at the end of 2023. In the meantime  the acquisition cost per client contracted by around -20% relative to 2021. Average outstanding loans rose +14.4% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 16 billion. Home loan outstandings were up +14.0% vs. Q4 21  while consumer loan outstandings climbed +18.0% vs. Q4 21. Average outstanding savings including deposits and financial savings were +38.1% higher than in Q4 21 at EUR 49 billion  with deposits rising by a sharp +43.3% vs. Q4 21 on back of organic growth and the onboarding of ING clients. Brokerage recorded more than 1.5 million transactions in Q4 22 alone. Boursorama reinforced its day-to day banking operations with a +44% growth notably in payments vs. Q4 21. Private Banking Private Banking activities  which were transferred to French Retail Banking at the beginning of 2022  cover private banking activities in France and internationally. Assets under management totalled EUR 147 billion at Q4 22. Asset inflow growth rose +4% in 2022 relative to end-2021. Net banking income amounted to EUR 296 million in Q4 22 (+7.6% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 278 million over the full year (+15.9% vs. 2021). Net banking income In Q4 22  revenues totalled EUR 2 219 million  stable vs. Q4 21  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  was down -1.8% vs. Q4 21  impacted primarily by the higher interest rate on regulated savings and the usury rate  which was partly offset by TLTRO benefits. Fees increased by +1.9% vs. Q4 21  driven by the +5% rise vs. Q4 21 in service and financial fees in the Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks. In 2022  revenuestotalled EUR 8 839 million  up +4.1% vs. 2021  including PEL/CEL. Net interest income and other revenues  including PEL/CEL  were up +2.9% vs. 2021. Fees were +5.6% higher than in 2021  benefiting from strong growth in service and financial fees. In respect of the outlook  2023 will be a transition year with decreased revenues due to the negative impacts of the end of the TLTRO benefit for around EUR 0.3bn vs. 2022  the specific functioning of the French market that will continue to curb loan production due to the usury rate  as was also the case in 2022  and the continued rise in the regulated savings rate that will have an impact on net banking income of around EUR 50m for each 25 basis point increase. Furthermore  net interest margin hedges that will gradually mature as of 2024 will deprive us in 2023 of the benefit of increased savings. Operating expenses Quarterly operating expenses totalled EUR 1 717 million (+1.7% vs. Q4 21) and EUR 1 773 million on an underlying basis (+2.4% vs. Q4 21). Operating expenses  which were adjusted for the Value Sharing Premium (PPV) provision  contracted by -0.7% vs. Q4 21. The cost to income ratio stood at 77% for Q4 22. In 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 473 million (+3.6% vs. 2021). The cost to income ratio stood at 73%  down 0.4 points vs. 2021. Cost of risk In Q4 22  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 219 million or 35 basis points. It was higher than in Q4 21 (by 3 basis points). In 2022  the commercial cost of risk amounted to EUR 483 million or 20 basis points  higher than in 2021 (by 5 basis points). Contribution to Group net Income In Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 250 million in Q4 22  down -39.6% vs. Q4 21. RONE(1) stood at 6.6% in Q4 22 (8.4% excluding Boursorama). In 2022  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 1 445 million  contracting to -6.8% vs. 2021. Underlying normative RONE came to 11.6% in 2022 (13.4% excluding Boursorama). (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition of accounting data)4. INTERNATIONAL RETAIL BANKING & FINANCIAL SERVICESIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change Net banking income 2 369 2 159 +9.7% +17.4%* 9 122 8 117 +12.4% +17.9%* Operating expenses (1 100) (1 088) +1.1% +10.9%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 131) (1 112) +1.7% +11.3%* (4 334) (4 203) +3.1% +10.0%* Gross operating income 1 269 1 071 +18.5% +23.4%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 1 238 1 047 +18.3% +23.3%* 4 788 3 914 +22.3% +26.0%* Net cost of risk (133) (96) +38.5% +68.3%* (705) (504) +39.9% +7.6%* Operating income 1 136 975 +16.5% +19.7%* 4 083 3 410 +19.7% +29.9%* Net profits or losses from other assets (1) 8 n/s n/s 11 18 -38.9% -36.8%* Reported Group net income 658 584 +12.7% +16.1%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 640 570 +12.3% +15.7%* 2 376 2 082 +14.1% +25.6%* RONE 25.0% 22.2% 22.4% 20.3% Underlying RONE(1) 24.3% 21.7% 22.4% 20.3% (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) International Retail Banking’s outstanding loans posted healthy momentum of EUR 88.2 billion  up +5.6%* for 2022. Outstanding deposits totalled EUR 78.5 billion  a slightly +1.4%* than 2021. For the Europe scope  outstanding loans were up +4.9%* vs. 2021 at EUR 63.8 billion  driven by positive momentum on the corporate segment in the Czech Republic (+11.0%* vs. 2021). Outstanding deposits are stable* at EUR 51.6 billion. Robust momentum in Romania (+8.3%* vs. 2021) offset the slowdown in the Czech Republic notably due to a shift in some deposits towards financial savings. In Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories  outstanding loans confirmed their solid commercial performances in Q4 22. Over the year  outstanding deposits continued to enjoy positive momentum  up by +7.5%* and +5.6%* respectively vs. 2021.In the Insurance business  life insurance outstandings showed resilience in 2022  totalling EUR 131.6 billion despite unfavourable market conditions. The share of unit-linked products in outstandings remained high at 36%. Gross life insurance savings inflow amounted to EUR 12 754 million in 2022 (42% of unit-linked products in 2022). Protection insurance saw an increase of +5.8%* vs. 2021  with good momentum for personal protection premiums that rose +8.0%* and a more minor +4.1%* increase for P&C insurance. Financial Services also enjoyed very solid momentum. Operational Vehicle Leasing and Fleet Management posted growth of +3.1% vs. end-December 2021 and the number of contracts totalled 1.8 million (excluding contracts involving Russia  Belarus and remediation actions agreed with anti-trust authorities  Portugal  Ireland and Norway  excepting NF Fleet Norway). Equipment Finance outstanding loans were slightly higher (+2.2%) than at end-September 2021  at EUR 15 billion (excluding factoring). Net banking income Net banking income amounted to EUR 9 122 million over the full year  up +17.9%* vs. 2021. Net banking income came to EUR 2 369 million in Q4 22  up +17.4%* vs. Q4 21. International Retail Banking’s net banking income stood at 5 153 million  up +11.5%* vs. 2021. International Retail Banking’s net banking income totalled EUR 1 280 million in Q4 22  up +8.3%*. Revenues in Europe climbed +13.5%* vs. 2021  due primarily to substantial growth in net interest income (+15.7%*)  driven notably by the Czech Republic (+33.6%*) and Romania (+17.5%*). These regions benefit from increased volumes and high interest rates. The Africa  Mediterranean Basin and French Overseas Territories scope posted revenues up +8.7%* vs. 2021 on back of net interest income (+5.0%*) and fees (+11.2%*). The Insurance business posted net banking income up +6.5%*  at EUR 1 012 million vs. 2021 driven by stronger life insurance savings and protection activities. Over the quarter  net banking income for the Insurance activity grew by +10.6%* vs. Q4 21 to EUR 263 million. Financial Services’ net banking income was substantially higher (+37.9%*) than in Q4 21  at EUR 826 million. ALD benefited again last quarter from robust commercial momentum  strong used-car sale results and the reduction of the vehicle depreciation costs in line with the current increase in vehicle values. Over the year  ALD’s net banking income was up +43%* vs. 2021 driven by positive commercial dynamics and still strong used car sales results (EUR 2 846 per unit in 2022). In 2022  Financial Services’ net banking income totalled EUR 2 957 million in 2022  up +35.8%* vs. 2021. Operating expenses Operating expenses increased by +10.0%* vs. 2021 to EUR 4 334 million  generating a positive jaws effect that produced a cost to income ratio that stood at 47.5% in 2022  which was lower than in 2021 (51.8%). In Q4 22  operating expenses rose (after linearisation of the IFRIC 21 charge) by +11.3%*(1) vs. Q4 21 to EUR 1 131 million(1) . In International Retail Banking  rising costs were kept contained over the year at +5.9%* vs. 2021 despite spiking inflation. In the Insurance business  operating expenses were up +7.2%* vs. 2021  with a cost to income ratio of 38.6%. In Financial Services  operating expenses increased by +22.1%* vs. 2021. The increase can be attributed to the recognition of charges related to the preparation of the LeasePlan acquisition. Cost of risk In 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 52 basis points (EUR 705 million). It was 38 basis points in 2021. In Q4 22  the cost of risk was higher at 40 basis points (EUR 133 million)  vs. 28 basis points in Q4 21. Contribution to Group net Income The contribution to Group net income was EUR 2 376 million in 2021 (+25.6%* vs. 2021) and totalled EUR 640 million(1) in Q4 22  up 15.7%*(1) vs. Q4 21. RONE stood at 22.4% in 2022 and 24.3%(1) in Q4 22. Underlying RONE(1) was 15.1% in International Retail Banking and 30.6% in Financial Services and Insurance in 2022. (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) GLOBAL BANKING & INVESTOR SOLUTIONSIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation Net banking income 2 452 2 147 +14.2% +14.7%* 10 082 8 818 +14.3% +12.9%* Operating expenses (1 469) (1 402) +4.8% +5.4%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Underlying operating expenses(1) (1 654) (1 523) +8.6% +9.2%* (6 634) (6 250) +6.1% +6.2%* Gross operating income 983 745 +31.9% +32.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Underlying gross operating income(1) 798 624 +27.8% +28.2%* 3 448 2 568 +34.3% +28.8%* Net cost of risk (78) (3) x 26.0 x 102.8* (421) (65) x 6.5 x 6.1* Operating income 905 742 +22.0% +21.9%* 3 027 2 503 +20.9% +16.0%* Reported Group net income 754 621 +21.4% +21.4%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* Underlying Group net income(1) 611 528 +15.8% +15.7%* 2 427 2 018 +20.3% +15.6%* RONE 19.1% 16.8% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%* Underlying RONE(1) 15.5% 14.3% +0.0% +0.0%* 16.3% 14.4% +0.0% +0.0%* (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)NB: excluding Private Banking activities as per Q1 22 restatement (France and International). Excludes other activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor Net banking income Global Banking & Investor Solutions delivered record revenue in 2022(2)  posting revenue up by +14.3% vs. 2021 of EUR 10 082 million  driven by robust momentum across all business lines. This very sound financial performance is predominantly due to the highly successful execution of the strategic plan unveiled in May 2021  the aim of which is to create value continuously over the long term.In Q4 22  revenues jumped by +14.2% vs. Q4 21  to EUR 2 452 million. In Global Markets & Investor Services  net banking income totalled EUR 6 708 million  up +18.7% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  it amounted to EUR 1 496 million  +19.1% vs. Q4 21. Global Markets notched up a record performance(2) of EUR 5 859 million  up +17.1% vs. 2021  benefiting from robust commercial activity in a durably volatile environment  particularly with regard to interest rates. In Q4 22  revenues stood at EUR 1 222 million  +11.2% vs. Q4 21. The Equity activity recorded its best-ever year(2) in 2022  registering revenues of EUR 3 294 million   up +4.7% vs. 2021. Over the quarter  revenues contracted by -11.5% vs. Q4 21 revenues  which were comparatively very high. Amid highly volatile interest rates  Fixed Income and Currencies (FIC) posted a record year(2)  generating EUR 2 565 million in revenues  up +38.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  revenues rose to EUR 577 million  (+55.9% vs. Q4 21). Securities Services’ revenues grew +31.2% in 2022 to EUR 849 million  including EUR 168 million from a 2022 revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. In Q4 22  revenues climbed +74.5% vs. Q4 21 to EUR 274 million  including EUR 91 million from a revaluation of our stake in Euroclear. Assets under Custody and Assets under Administration amounted to EUR 4 257 billion and EUR 580 billion  respectively. Financing & Advisory activities also posted an excellent performance  with record annual revenues of EUR 3 374 million  up +15.2% vs. 2021. In Q4 22  they amounted to EUR 956 million  significantly higher (+16.6%) than in Q4 21. (2) Using a comparable economic model in the post-GFC (Global Financial Crisis) regulatory regime The Global Banking & Advisory business grew +9.3% in 2022 and continued to capitalise on solid market momentum in Asset Finance and activities related to Natural Resources. The Asset-Backed Products platform also turned in a solid performance in 2022. By contrast  investment banking activities were negatively impacted by market conditions and falling volumes. In Q4 22  revenues grew +6.3%. Global Transaction and Payment Services posted a record performance  with revenue growth of 44.7% in 2022 on the back of very strong performances across all activities that took advantage of rising interest rates and excellent commercial performances. Over the quarter  revenues surged by +67.9% vs. Q4 21. Operating expenses In 2022  operating expenses came to EUR 6 634 million (+6.1% vs. 2021). The increase can be primarily explained by a negative currency effect owing to the stronger US dollar and a rise in IFRIC 21 charges. Excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund  operating expenses rose +2.8% vs. 2021. Consistent with a positive jaws effect  the underlying cost to income ratio excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund improved strongly to 59.6% vs. 66.3% in 2021. In Q4 22  operating costs grew +4.8% to EUR 1 469 million. Cost of risk In 2022  the cost of risk amounted to 23 basis points (EUR 421 million). In Q4 22  the cost of risk came to 16 basis points (EUR 78 million). Contribution to Group net Income The contribution to Group net income grew sharply by +20.3% to EUR 2 427 million in 2022.In Q4 22  the contribution to Group net income was EUR 754 million on a reported basis and EUR 611 million on an underlying basis(1) (+15.8% vs. Q4 21). Global Banking & Investor Solutions posted strong RONE of 16.3% in 2022 (19.5% restated for the impact of the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund).The underlying RONE was 15.5% in Q4 22  and 18.5% excluding the contribution to the Single Resolution Fund. (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data)CORPORATE CENTREIn EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 Net banking income (155) 93 16 374 Underlying net banking income(1) (155) (24) 16 257 Operating expenses (324) (387) (1 189) (889) Underlying operating expenses(1) (160) (251) (550) (510) Gross operating income (479) (294) (1 173) (515) Underlying gross operating income(1) (315) (275) (534) (253) Net cost of risk 17 (7) (38) (6) Net profits or losses from other assets (60) 429 (3 364) 603 Income tax 31 193 516 187 Reported Group net income (502) 168 (4 230) (9) Underlying Group net income(1) (333) (255) (633) (386) (1) Underlying data (see methodology note No. 5 for the transition from accounting data to underlying data) The Corporate Centre includes: the property management of the Group’s head office the Group’s equity portfolio the Treasury function for the Group certain costs related to cross-functional projects as well as certain costs incurred by the Group not re-invoiced to the businesses. The Corporate Centre’s net banking income totalled EUR +16 million in 2022 vs. EUR +374 million in 2021  and EUR -155 million in Q4 22 vs. EUR +93 million in Q4 21. It includes the negative revaluation of financial instruments to hedge the equity portfolios of Group subsidiaries  in contrast to 2021  when the Corporate Centre’s net banking income included the positive revaluation of an asset valued at EUR 117 million. Operating expenses totalled EUR 1 189 million in 2022 vs. EUR 889 million in 2021. They include the Group’s transformation costs for a total amount of EUR 639 million relating to the activities of French Retail Banking (EUR 370 million)  Global Banking & Investor Solutions (EUR 117 million) and the Corporate Centre (EUR 152 million). Underlying costs came to EUR -550 million in 2022 compared to EUR -510 million in 2021. Gross operating income totalled EUR -1 173 million in 2022 vs. EUR -515 million in 2021. Underlying gross operating income came in at EUR -534 million in 2022  vs. EUR -253 million in 2021. Net profits or losses from other assets totalled EUR -3 364 million in 2022 vs. EUR 603 million in 2021. It includes the EUR -3.3 billion accounting loss from the disposal of Rosbank and insurance activities in Russia recognised in H1 22.In Q4 22  net profits or losses from other assets stood at EUR -60 million  vs. EUR 429 million in Q4 21  with an unfavourable base effect owing to the disposal of Lyxor’s asset management activities for EUR 439 million recognised in Q4 21. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group net income totalled EUR -4 230 million in 2022 vs. EUR -9 million in 2021. The Corporate Centre’s contribution to Group underlying net income was EUR -633 million in 2022  vs. EUR -386 million in 2021. 7. 2023 FINANCIAL CALENDAR2023 Financial communication calendar12 May 2023 First quarter 2023 results23 May 2023 2023 General Meeting3 August 2023 Second quarter and first half 2023 results 3 November 2023 Third quarter and nine months 2023 resultsThe Alternative Performance Measures  notably the notions of net banking income for the pillars  operating expenses  IFRIC 21 adjustment  cost of risk in basis points  ROE  ROTE  RONE  net assets  tangible net assets  and the amounts serving as a basis for the different restatements carried out (in particular the transition from published data to underlying data) are presented in the methodology notes  as are the principles for the presentation of prudential ratios.This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the targets and strategies of the Societe Generale Group.These forward-looking statements are based on a series of assumptions  both general and specific  in particular the application of accounting principles and methods in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as adopted in the European Union  as well as the application of existing prudential regulations.These forward-looking statements have also been developed from scenarios based on a number of economic assumptions in the context of a given competitive and regulatory environment. The Group may be unable to:- anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business and to appraise their potential consequences;- evaluate the extent to which the occurrence of a risk or a combination of risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those provided in this document and the related presentation.Therefore  although Societe Generale believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including matters not yet known to it or its management or not currently considered material  and there can be no assurance that anticipated events will occur or that the objectives set out will actually be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  overall trends in general economic activity and in Societe Generale’s markets in particular  regulatory and prudential changes  and the success of Societe Generale’s strategic  operating and financial initiatives.More detailed information on the potential risks that could affect Societe Generale’s financial results can be found in the section “Risk Factors” in our Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (which is available on https://investors.societegenerale.com/en).Investors are advised to take into account factors of uncertainty and risk likely to impact the operations of the Group when considering the information contained in such forward-looking statements. Other than as required by applicable law  Societe Generale does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Unless otherwise specified  the sources for the business rankings and market positions are internal. 8. APPENDIX 1: FINANCIAL DATAGROUP NET INCOME BY CORE BUSINESS In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Variation 2022 2021 Variation French Retail Banking 250 414 -39.6% 1 445 1 550 -6.8% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 658 584 +12.7% 2 376 2 082 +14.1% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 754 621 +21.4% 2 427 2 018 +20.3% Core Businesses 1 662 1 619 +2.7% 6 248 5 650 +10.6% Corporate Centre (502) 168 n/s (4 230) (9) n/s Group 1 160 1 787 -35.1% 2 018 5 641 -64.2% NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET In EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Cash  due from central banks 207 013 179 969 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 329 437 342 714 Hedging derivatives 32 850 13 239 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 37 463 43 450 Securities at amortised cost 21 430 19 371 Due from banks at amortised cost 66 903 55 972 Customer loans at amortised cost 506 529 497 164 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (2 262) 131 Investments of insurance companies 158 415 178 898 Tax assets 4 696 4 812 Other assets 85 072 92 898 Non-current assets held for sale 1 081 27 Deferred profit-sharing 1 175 - Investments accounted for using the equity method 146 95 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 33 089 31 968 Goodwill 3 781 3 741 Total 1 486 818 1 464 449In EUR m 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Due to central banks 8 361 5 152 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 300 618 307 563 Hedging derivatives 46 164 10 425 Debt securities issued 133 176 135 324 Due to banks 132 988 139 177 Customer deposits 530 764 509 133 Revaluation differences on portfolios hedged against interest rate risk (9 659) 2 832 Tax liabilities 1 638 1 577 Other liabilities 107 553 106 305 Non-current liabilities held for sale 220 1 Insurance contracts related liabilities 141 688 155 288 Provisions 4 579 4 850 Subordinated debts 15 946 15 959 Total liabilities 1 414 036 1 393 586 Shareholder's equity - - Shareholders' equity  Group share - - Issued common stocks and capital reserves 21 248 21 913 Other equity instruments 9 136 7 534 Retained earnings 34 267 30 631 Net income 2 018 5 641 Sub-total 66 669 65 719 Unrealised or deferred capital gains and losses (218) (652) Sub-total equity  Group share 66 451 65 067 Non-controlling interests 6 331 5 796 Total equity 72 782 70 863 Total 1 486 818 1 464 449 9. APPENDIX 2: METHODOLOGY1 –The financial information presented for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was examined by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2023 and has been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the European Union and applicable at that date. This information has not been audited. 2 - Net banking income The pillars’ net banking income is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The terms “Revenues” or “Net Banking Income” are used interchangeably. They provide a normalised measure of each pillar’s net banking income taking into account the normative capital mobilised for its activity. 3 - Operating expenses Operating expenses correspond to the “Operating Expenses” as presented in note 8.1 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2021 (pages 482 et seq. of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The term “costs” is also used to refer to Operating Expenses. The Cost/Income Ratio is defined on page 41 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. 4 - IFRIC 21 adjustment The IFRIC 21 adjustment corrects the result of the charges recognised in the accounts in their entirety when they are due (generating event) so as to recognise only the portion relating to the current quarter  i.e. a quarter of the total. It consists in smoothing the charge recognised accordingly over the financial year in order to provide a more economic idea of the costs actually attributable to the activity over the period analysed. The contributions to Single Resolution Fund (« SRF ») are part of IFRIC21 adjusted charges  they include contributions to national resolution funds within the EU. 5 – Exceptional items – Transition from accounting data to underlying data It may be necessary for the Group to present underlying indicators in order to facilitate the understanding of its actual performance. The transition from published data to underlying data is obtained by restating published data for exceptional items and the IFRIC 21 adjustment. Moreover  the Group restates the revenues and earnings of the French Retail Banking pillar for PEL/CEL provision allocations or write-backs. This adjustment makes it easier to identify the revenues and earnings relating to the pillar’s activity  by excluding the volatile component related to commitments specific to regulated savings. The reconciliation enabling the transition from published accounting data to underlying data is set out in the table below: in EUR m Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Exceptional Net banking income (+) 0 (117) 0 (117) Revaluation gain 0 (117) 0 (117) Exceptional operating expenses (-) (108) (52) 639 379 IFRIC linearisation (285) (199) 0 0 Transformation costs(1) 177 147 639 379 Of which related to French Retail Banking 69 91 370 201 Of which related to Global Banking & Investor Solutions 54 30 117 92 Of which related to Corporate Centre 54 26 152 86 Exceptional Net profit or losses from other assets (+/-) 54 (439) 3 357 (624) Goodwill impairment (-)(1) 0 114 0 114 Total exceptional items (pre-tax) (54) (494) 3 996 (248) DTA recognition (+)(1) 0 (130) 0 (130) Total exceptional items (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Reported Net income - Group Share 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Total exceptional items - Group share (post-tax) (34) (561) 3 598 (377) Underlying Net income - Group Share 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264 (1) Allocated to Corporate CentreNB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes other activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor (2)6 - Cost of risk in basis points  coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings The cost of risk is defined on pages 43 and 663 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This indicator makes it possible to assess the level of risk of each of the pillars as a percentage of balance sheet loan commitments  including operating leases. In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 2022 2021 French Retail BankingNet Cost Of Risk 219 (20) 483 125 Gross loan Outstandings 250 175 237 305 246 249 235 220 Cost of Risk in bp 35 (3) 20 5 International Retail Banking and Financial ServicesNet Cost Of Risk 133 96 705 504 Gross loan Outstandings 133 756 137 018 135 743 133 321 Cost of Risk in bp 40 28 52 38 Global Banking and Investor SolutionsNet Cost Of Risk 78 3 421 65 Gross loan Outstandings 190 079 160 333 182 110 148 426 Cost of Risk in bp 16 1 23 4 Corporate CentreNet Cost Of Risk (17) 7 38 6 Gross loan Outstandings 16 363 14 574 15 411 13 835 Cost of Risk in bp (41) 16 25 4 Societe Generale GroupNet Cost Of Risk 413 86 1 647 700 Gross loan Outstandings 590 373 549 229 579 513 530 801 Cost of Risk in bp 28 6 28 13 The gross coverage ratio for doubtful outstandings is calculated as the ratio of provisions recognised in respect of the credit risk to gross outstandings identified as in default within the meaning of the regulations  without taking account of any guarantees provided. This coverage ratio measures the maximum residual risk associated with outstandings in default (“doubtful”). 7 - ROE  ROTE  RONE The notions of ROE (Return on Equity) and ROTE (Return on Tangible Equity)  as well as their calculation methodology  are specified on page 43 and 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. This measure makes it possible to assess Societe Generale’s return on equity and return on tangible equity.RONE (Return on Normative Equity) determines the return on average normative equity allocated to the Group’s businesses  according to the principles presented on page 44 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document.Group net income used for the ratio numerator is book Group net income adjusted for “interest net of tax payable on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  interest paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations” and “unrealised gains/losses booked under shareholders’ equity  excluding conversion reserves” (see methodology note No. 9). For ROTE  income is also restated for goodwill impairment.Details of the corrections made to book equity in order to calculate ROE and ROTE for the period are given in the table below:ROTE calculation: calculation methodology End of period (in EURm) Q4-22 Q4-21 2022 2021 Shareholders' equity Group share 66 451 65 067 66 451 65 067 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (10 017) (8 003) Undated subordinated notes - - - - Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 (24) 20 OCI excluding conversion reserves 1 279 (489) 1 279 (489) Distribution provision(2) (1 803) (2 286) (1 803) (2 286) Distribution N-1 to be paid 0 - 0 - ROE equity end-of-period 55 886 54 310 55 886 54 310 Average ROE equity* 55 889 53 878 55 164 52 634 Average Goodwill (3 660) (3 776) (3 650) (3 890) Average Intangible Assets (2 835) (2 687) (2 760) (2 584) Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 Group net Income 1 160 1 787 2 018 5 641 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - 337 3 337 Ajusted Group net Income 968 1 973 1 425 5 388 Average ROTE equity* 49 394 47 415 48 754 46 160 ROTE 7.8% 16.6% 2.9% 11.7% Underlying Group net income 1 126 1 226 5 616 5 264 Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (192) (151) (596) (590) Cancellation of goodwill impairment - - 3 - Ajusted Underlying Group net Income 934 1 075 5 023 4 674 Average ROTE equity (underlying) (h)* 49 360 46 854 52 352 45 783 Underlying ROTE 7.6% 9.2% 9.6% 10.2% (1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(2) Based on the 2022 proposed distribution subject to usual approvals from the General meeting and the ECB(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements) RONE calculation: Average capital allocated to Core Businesses (in EURm) In EURm Q4 22 Q4 21 Change 2022 2021 Change French Retail Banking 12 673 11 847 +7.0% 12 417 12 009 +3.4% International Retail Banking and Financial Services 10 531 10 523 +0.1% 10 619 10 246 +3.6% Global Banking and Investor Solutions 15 806 14 745 +7.2% 14 916 14 055 +6.1% Core Businesses 39 009 37 115 +5.1% 37 951 36 310 +4.5% Corporate Center 16 880 16 763 +0.7% 17 213 16 323 +5.4% Group 55 889 53 878 +3.7% 55 164 52 634 +4.8% NB: Amounts restated in Q1 22 to take into account the transfer of Private Banking activities (French and international) to the French Retail Banking. Includes activities transferred after the disposal of Lyxor 8 - Net assets and tangible net assets Net assets and tangible net assets are defined in the methodology  page 46 of the Group’s 2022 Universal Registration Document. The items used to calculate them are presented below: End of period (in EURm) 2022 2021 2020 Shareholders' equity Group share* 66 451 65 067 61 710 Deeply subordinated notes (10 017) (8 003) (8 830) Undated subordinated notes 0 0 (264) Interest of deeeply & undated subodinated notes  issue premium amortisations(1) (24) 20 19 Bookvalue of own shares in trading portfolio 67 37 301 Net Asset Value* 56 477 57 121 52 936 Goodwill (3 652) (3 624) (3 928) Intangible Assets (2 882) (2 733) (2 484) Net Tangible Asset Value* 49 943 50 764 46 524 Number of shares used to calculate NAPS** 801 147 831 162 848 859 Net Asset Value per Share 70.5 68.7 62.4 Net Tangible Asset Value per Share 62.3 61.1 54.8 (1) Interest net of tax  payable or paid to holders of deeply subordinated notes & undated subordinated notes  issue premium amortisations(*) Amounts restated compared with the financial statements published in 2020 (See Note1.7 of the financial statements)(* *) The number of shares considered is the number of ordinary shares outstanding as at end of period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group.In accordance with IAS 33  historical data per share prior to the date of detachment of a preferential subscription right are restated by the adjustment coefficient for the transaction. 9 - Calculation of Earnings Per Share (EPS) The EPS published by Societe Generale is calculated according to the rules defined by the IAS 33 standard (see page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document). The corrections made to Group net income in order to calculate EPS correspond to the restatements carried out for the calculation of ROE and ROTE. As specified on page 45 of Societe Generale’s 2022 Universal Registration Document  the Group also publishes EPS adjusted for the impact of non-economic and exceptional items presented in methodology note No. 5 (underlying EPS).The calculation of Earnings Per Share is described in the following table: Average number of shares (thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Existing shares 845 478 853 371 853 371 Deductions 0 Shares allocated to cover stock option plans and free shares awarded to staff 6 252 3 861 2 987 Other own shares and treasury shares 16 788 3 249 0 Number of shares used to calculate EPS* 822 437 846 261 850 385 Group net Income 2 018 5 641 (258) Interest on deeply subordinated notes and undated subordinated notes (596) (590) (611) Adjusted Group net income (in EURm) 1 422 5 051 (869) EPS (in EUR) 1.73 5.97 (1.02) Underlying EPS** (in EUR) 6.10 5.52 0.97 (*) Calculated on the basis of underlying Group net income (excluding linearisation of IFRIC 21).(**) The number of shares considered is the average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period  excluding treasury shares and buybacks  but including the trading shares held by the Group. 10 - The Societe Generale Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital is calculated in accordance with applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules. The fully loaded solvency ratios are presented pro forma for current earnings  net of dividends  for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. When there is reference to phased-in ratios  these do not include the earnings for the current financial year  unless specified otherwise. The leverage ratio is also calculated according to applicable CRR2/CRD5 rules including the phased-in following the same rationale as solvency ratios. NB (1) The sum of values contained in the tables and analyses may differ slightly from the total reported due to rounding rules. (2) All the information on the results for the period (notably: press release  downloadable data  presentation slides and supplement) is available on Societe Generale’s website www.societegenerale.com in the “Investor” section. Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses: French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com. Attachment Societe-Generale_PR_Q4-and-FY-2022All news about SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 12:49p Societe Generale drawn by U.S. SEC into its widening messaging probe RE 12:42p French Bourse Closes Lower Amid Flurry of Earnings Reports MT 12:31p European Equities Close Mostly Higher on Earnings Reports  Upbeat Fed MT 09:12a World Press Review: February 8 07:08a Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons RE 05:00a Transcript : Société Générale Société anonyme  Q4 2022 Earnings Call  Feb 08 .. CI 01:08a Societe Generale Affirms 10% Profitability Target for 2025 MT 12:39a SocGen's Q4 profit beats expectations  sees higher bad loan risks RE 12:34a Societe Generale : Q4 2022 Financial Results - Presentation PU 12:26a Societe Generale : Fourth quarter & 2022 full year results GL Analyst Recommendations on SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 01/30 Barclays raises Auto Trader to 'overweight' AN 01/25 Goldman likes UK banks; HSBC cuts Dr Martens AN 01/23 Jefferies cuts Berkeley; HSBC cuts St James's AN,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['2022 full year results', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESS LINES Record revenues', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'record annual new client growth', 'Bernstein joint venture Rapid', 'Fréderic Oudéa', 'Bernstein joint venture deal', 'new SG retail bank', 'operational efficiency improvement actions', 'French retail banking market', 'Single Resolution Fund Cost', 'ROTE) SOLID QUARTERLY RESULTS', 'underlying gross operating income', 'General Meeting FINANCIAL TARGETS', 'new retail bank', 'record underlying performances', 'International Retail Banking', 'retail banking networks', 'new CSR ambitions', 'multiple email addresses', 'ECB MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS', 'Upscaled ESG actions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'digital transformation initiatives', 'major strategic progress', 'Net banking income', 'CET1 ratio target', 'responsible energy transition', '2022 full year results', 'solid performance', 'share buyback programme', 'GROUP CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'Group net income', 'business developments', 'sharp growth', 'Equities business', 'Private Banking', 'Strong improvement', 'STRATEGIC INITIATIVES', 'Operating expenses', 'income ratio', 'financial guidance', 'ESG considerations', 'decarbonisation ambitions', 'Underlying cost', 'underlying profitability', 'underlying data', 'Societe Generale', 'Fourth quarter', 'Press release', 'historical highs', 'Global Markets', 'low level', 'prudent provisioning', 'performing loans', 'Russian subsidiaries', 'CET 1 ratio', 'regulatory requirement', 'cash dividend', 'Basel IV', 'negative impacts', 'specific functioning', 'methodology note', 'loaded ratio', 'usual approvals', 'Decisive milestones', 'end-2022 Plans', 'global leaders', 'sustainable mobility', 'successful adaptation', 'decisive stage', 'mobility sector', 'commercial momentum', 'balance sheet', 'many respects', 'accounting data', 'First name', 'SHAREHOLDERS Distribution', 'transition year', 'total number', 'uncertain environment', 'capital impact', 'Group activities', 'complex environment', 'ongoing projects', '28 basis points', '17 basis points', '35 basis points', 'legal merger', 'Rosbank disposal', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '31 DECEMBER', 'Paris', 'Financing', 'Advisory', 'ALD', 'contribution', 'risk', 'defaults', 'provisions', 'end-December', 'Q4', 'EUR', 'benefit', 'shares', 'circulation', 'France', 'schedule', '1 January', 'launch', 'Boursorama', 'clients', 'track', 'acquisition', 'LeasePlan', 'creation', 'commitments', 'reinforcement', 'rollout', 'value', 'aim', 'businesses', 'strength', 'determination', 'Change', '420', '30', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17946,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/inside-information-nexstim-plc-applies-150000899.html,Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the secondary listing of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,Company Announcement  Inside Information  Helsinki  8 February 2023 at 5 PM (EET) Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the secondary listing of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden Nexstim Plc shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the trading code: NXTMH (ISIN code: FI4000506811) Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX ,"Nexstim OyjCompany Announcement  Inside Information  Helsinki  8 February 2023 at 5 PM (EET)Inside Information: Nexstim Plc applies for delisting regarding the secondary listing of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNexstim Plc shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the trading code: NXTMH (ISIN code: FI4000506811)Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX  NXTMS:STO) (""Nexstim"" or ""Company"") has applied for delisting of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”).When adopting the decision on applying for the delisting  the Board of Directors considered the development of trading since the company listed its shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden in 2014  noting the low level of trading volumes as well as the small number of current shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB. The Company has also considered the additional costs related to maintaining this secondary listing for a company of its size as well as the administrative burden of complying with the listing rules of another market in addition to its home market in Finland.The Company wants to remind Nexstim’s shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in the Company’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In order to effectuate such cross-border settlement  the shareholders should contact their respective custodian or Nexstim’s Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB (info@aqurat.se) for more information.The last day of trading on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden is expected to be April 15  2023. More information about the delisting will be provided once Nasdaq Sweden has decided on the application.Further information is available on the website www.nexstim.com  or by contacting:Mikko Karvinen  CEO+358 50 326 4101mikko.karvinen@nexstim.comStory continuesThe Company’s Certified Advisor is Erik Penser Bank.About Nexstim PlcNexstim is a Finnish  globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company. Our mission is to enable personalized and effective diagnostics and therapies for challenging brain diseases and disorders.Nexstim has developed a world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology for navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation (nTMS) with highly sophisticated 3D navigation providing accurate and personalized targeting of the TMS to the specific area of the brain.Nexstim’s Diagnostics Business focuses on commercialization of the Navigated Brain Stimulation (NBS) system. The NBS system is the only FDA cleared and CE marked navigated TMS system for pre-surgical mapping of the speech and motor cortices of the brain.Nexstim’s Therapy Business markets and sells the Navigated Brain Therapy (NBT®) system  which is FDA cleared for marketing and commercial distribution for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the United States. In Europe  the NBT® system is CE marked for the treatment of major depression and chronic neuropathic pain.Nexstim shares are listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden.For more information  please visit www.nexstim.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.31,0.53,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nexstim Plc', 'secondary listing', 'Information', 'delisting', 'shares', 'Finnish, globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB', 'world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nexstim Oyj Company Announcement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation', 'Nasdaq Sweden', 'Erik Penser Bank', 'sophisticated 3D navigation', 'chronic neuropathic pain', 'major depressive disorder', 'challenging brain diseases', 'Therapy Business markets', 'The NBS system', 'home market', 'aqurat.se', 'Nexstim Plc shares', 'Brain Therapy', 'NBS) system', 'The Company', 'Diagnostics Business', 'major depression', 'book-entry system', 'NBT®) system', 'NBT® system', 'ISIN code', 'low level', 'small number', 'additional costs', 'administrative burden', 'cross-border settlement', 'respective custodian', 'last day', 'Certified Advisor', 'effective diagnostics', 'specific area', 'pre-surgical mapping', 'motor cortices', 'commercial distribution', 'United States', 'secondary listing', 'listing rules', 'TMS system', 'trading code', 'trading volumes', 'Mikko Karvinen', 'personalized targeting', 'More information', 'Further information', 'current shareholders', 'Nexstim shares', 'Helsinki', 'February', 'delisting', 'NXTMH', 'NXTMS', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', 'development', 'size', 'April', 'application', 'website', 'CEO', 'Story', 'disorders', 'nTMS', 'accurate', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'speech', 'marketing', 'treatment', 'MDD', 'Europe', 'Attachment', '5']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17947,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/record-year-euroclear-sanction-hit-russian-cashpile-balloons-2023-02-08/,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons,Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clients.,"LONDON  Feb 8 (Reuters) - Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clients.The European Union ordered Belgium-based Euroclear  a core part of the global financial system's critical plumbing  to cut ties with Russian customers in February last year.That led to a loss of income for Euroclear that was more than offset by interest on Russian cash from blocked coupon payments on bonds and redemptions  building up on its balance sheet at a time of rising interest rates.Due to Western sanctions  Euroclear's balance sheet rose by 99 billion euros ($106.37 billion) to 124 billion euros in 2022  with interest on the Russian cash alone totalling 821 million euros.""Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions "" Euroclear said in a statement.""The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023.""It said various counterparties from Russia have turned to the courts in Russia and the European Union to challenge Euroclear in a bid to recover frozen payments.In case these lawsuits have any material impact  the company said it had decided to separate the sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the company’s performance and resources.Euroclear GraphicThe unexpected profit from sanctions will be managed prudently and not be distributed to shareholders ""until the situation becomes clearer""  Euroclear said.Euroclear is owned by shareholders such as JP Morgan  Societe Generale  HSBC  Morgan Stanley  Sumitomo  London Stock Exchange Group and Euronext  with the top 20 owning 80% of the company.Settlement refers to the final leg of a stock or bond trade  along with the safekeeping of customer assets  which totalled 35.6 trillion euros in 2022.Total operating income grew by 21% to 1.95 billion euros in 2022  when earnings per share rose 30% to 191.7 euros  with a proposed dividend of 115.5 euros per share  up 31%.Excluding the impact of the Russian sanctions  adjusted net profit rose by 32% to 603 million euros as the company diversifies through acquisitions into new areas like funds distribution.($1 = 0.9308 euros)Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Bernadette BaumOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'prevailing interest rate environment', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'global financial system', 'underlying financial results', 'rising interest rates', 'securities settlement house', 'The European Union', 'Total operating income', 'interest income', 'financial ties', 'unprecedented moves', 'record year', 'disgruntled clients', 'core part', 'critical plumbing', 'Russian customers', 'Russian cash', 'balance sheet', 'slower pace', 'various counterparties', 'unexpected profit', 'JP Morgan', 'Societe Generale', 'Morgan Stanley', 'final leg', 'bond trade', 'customer assets', 'net profit', 'new areas', 'funds distribution', 'Huw Jones', 'Bernadette Baum', 'coupon payments', '99 billion euros', '124 billion euros', '821 million euros', 'Future earnings', 'frozen payments', 'sanction-related earnings', '35.6 trillion euros', '1.95 billion euros', '603 million euros', 'material impact', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian sanctions', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'Euroclear Graphic', '191.7 euros', '115.5 euros', '0.9308 euros', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Wednesday', 'lawsuits', 'February', 'loss', 'bonds', 'redemptions', 'time', 'evolution', 'statement', 'Board', 'courts', 'bid', 'case', 'company', 'performance', 'resources', 'shareholders', 'situation', 'HSBC', 'Sumitomo', 'Euronext', 'top', 'safekeeping', 'acquisitions', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,reuters.com
17948,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/euroclear-starts-converting-rouble-balances-into-euros/ar-AA17gifS,Euroclear starts converting rouble balances into euros,* This content was produced in Russia where the law restricts coverage of Russian military operations in Ukraine MOSCOW  Feb 8 (Reuters) - The Euroclear clearing house began converting rouble balances into euros on Wednesday ,"*This content was produced in Russia where the law restricts coverage of Russian military operations in UkraineMOSCOW  Feb 8 (Reuters) - The Euroclear clearing house began converting rouble balances into euros on Wednesday  after it decided to fully withdraw the rouble as a settlement currency  creating an additional hurdle for Russian investors to access frozen funds.Following Moscow's move to despatch thousands of troops to Ukraine in February last year  the European Union barred Euroclear from serving Russian customers as the West severed ties with the country's financial system.""Euroclear Bank is not accepting money transfer instructions in roubles (or) any incoming rouble payments  including income and redemption events  on our closed account with ING Bank  our cash correspondent in Moscow "" Euroclear said on Feb. 3.""Following the further withdrawal of the Russian rouble as a settlement currency... we are excluding all securities denominated in roubles from all Triparty transactions with immediate effect and until further notice "" Euroclear added in a note on Monday.Foreign investors from countries that Russia deems unfriendly have managed to offload billions of roubles worth of local debt holdings  selling the government's OFZ treasury bonds at a steep discount  Reuters reported last month.Euroclear's withdrawal of the rouble could make it difficult to further ""localize"" OFZs  a financial market source in Russia told Reuters.Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD)  Russia's equivalent to the likes of Euroclear and Clearstream  did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Luxembourg in December authorized the release of certain frozen funds or economic resources held at the Clearstream settlement house the NSD  which gave non-sanctioned Russian investors a small window in which to transfer assets from the NSD to other locations. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Marrow; Editing by Gareth Jones)",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'balances', 'euros', 'The Euroclear clearing house', 'money transfer instructions', 'local debt holdings', 'OFZ treasury bonds', 'incoming rouble payments', 'financial market source', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian military operations', 'Clearstream settlement house', 'sanctioned Russian investors', 'Russian rouble', 'settlement currency', 'financial system', 'Russian customers', 'Foreign investors', 'additional hurdle', 'frozen funds', 'European Union', 'redemption events', 'closed account', 'cash correspondent', 'Triparty transactions', 'immediate effect', 'steep discount', 'economic resources', 'small window', 'other locations', 'Elena Fabrichnaya', 'Alexander Marrow', 'Gareth Jones', 'Euroclear Bank', 'content', 'law', 'coverage', 'Ukraine', 'MOSCOW', 'Reuters', 'balances', 'euros', 'Wednesday', 'move', 'thousands', 'troops', 'February', 'West', 'ties', 'country', 'income', 'Feb.', 'withdrawal', 'notice', 'note', 'Monday', 'countries', 'billions', 'worth', 'government', 'OFZs', 'NSD', 'likes', 'request', 'comment', 'Luxembourg', 'December', 'release', 'assets', 'Writing', 'Editing']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,msn.com
17949,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-group-delivers-another-record-080000894.html,Euroclear group delivers another record year,Record performance in an exceptional operating environment. Euroclear delivered a record business and financial performance in 2022  demonstrating its resilience again,"Continued strategic progress while navigating an exceptional operating environmentBRUSSELS  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Results for the Year Ending 31 December 2022Euroclear LogoHighlightsRecord performance in an exceptional operating environmentEuroclear delivered a record business and financial performance in 2022  demonstrating its resilience against a challenging backdrop.In 2022  both equity and fixed-income valuations declined for the first time since 1969  with high levels of volatility  lower equity volumes  and lower funds market performance.High levels of inflation led to rising interest rates across major international markets and increased expense levels.New strategic vision with ambitious targets to grow stakeholder valueEuroclear defined its corporate purpose as: "" We innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth .""Set out a long-term vision to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure: an open  shared platform providing services to all market players.Launched a new strategy with core client focus  while further developing ESG  data and digital capabilities  as well as expanding global business.Strategy is expected to further diversify the business model and generate value for clients  employees  shareholders  and society.Strong underlying business and financial performanceBusiness income (which is the income generated by fees) grew by 5% to EUR 1 607 million reflecting the resilience of the subscription-like model. Rising interest rates enhanced revenues generated through interest income  adding to the resilience of the model. Excluding earnings related to Russia sanctions  interest income rose by 289% to EUR 348 million.Total operating income grew by 21% underlying to EUR 1 955 million.Underlying operating expenses increased by 15% to EUR 1 133 million  reflecting inflationary pressures and increased investment to both implement the strategy and increase further business resilience.Story continuesImplications of sanctions related to Russian invasion of UkraineResulted in market-wide application of international sanctions related to Russia  and as a financial market infrastructure Euroclear complied with those sanctions.Co-operating with clients and other involved stakeholders to address market challenges that Russian countermeasures continue to impose.Despite a material growth in Euroclear Bank's balance sheet and additional interest income  normal business operations have been maintained.Euroclear remains prudent in its management of the sanctions and their implications. Russia sanction-related earnings are segregated from underlying performance and are not distributed while uncertainties persist.Growing shareholder returns through underlying business performanceUnderlying EPS increased by 30% to EUR 191.7 per share  reflecting growth in net profit after adjusting for results related to the implementation of international sanctions.Proposed dividend per share of EUR 115.5  increased by 31%  maintaining the payout ratio at 60% of the underlying earnings  in line with last year.Financial summaryEuroclear delivered a record financial performance in 2022. The underlying results benefited from continued delivery on the group's strategy and its diversified  resilient business model.The group also reported higher interest earnings due to rising interest rates on cash balances. Cash balances increased materially as a consequence of the international sanctions on Russia.Full year 2022 net profit increased 162% to EUR 1 201 million  of which EUR 603 million resulted from the underlying business performance.Euroclear Holding(€ m)FY 2021FY 2022RussiansanctionsimpactsFY 2022UnderlyingUnderlyingvs 2021Operating income1 6152 7698141 955340 21 % Business income1 5251 600-71 60782 5 % Interest  banking & other income901 170821348259 289 %Operating expenses-988-1 152-20-1 133-145 -15 %Operating profit before Impairment6271 617795823195 31 %-1Impairment-16-12-1-124Pre tax profit6111 605794811199 33 % Tax-153-405-197-207-55 -36 % Net profit4581 201597603145 32 %EPS147.0381.4191.7Business income operating margin35.2 %28.0 %29.5 %EBITDA margin (EBITDA/oper.income)45.6 %62.3 %47.7 %Note: 2021 figures (except for EPS) have been restated to include MFEX pro forma  in order to allow like-for-like comparison.Year-to-date operating income was up 71% year-on-year to EUR 2 769 million  of which EUR 1 955 million related to the underlying business performance.An increase of 159% in earnings per share to EUR 381.4 per share  reflected the increase in net profit. On an underlying basis  earnings per share grew to EUR 191.7.The group maintains a strong capital position and a low-risk profile  which are critical as a financial market infrastructure and create headroom for further growth.2022 Operating EnvironmentIn 2022 financial markets experienced negative returns from both equities and fixed income for the first time in over 50 years. Equity markets were characterised by higher levels of volatility and lower traded volumes. The funds industry was also affected by the fall in value of the underlying assets.The fragile external context  already impacted by the pandemic over the previous two years  was further impacted by rising geopolitical tensions. Most notably  the invasion of Ukraine by Russia led to a raft of international sanctions being imposed on capital market entities and individuals.Inflation increased across international economies  with central banks responding by raising interest rates throughout the year.The consequence of the operating environment is shown below in the group's key operating metrics.FY 2022 % change vs FY 2021 Assets under Custody EUR 35.6 trillion -6 % Number of transactions 304 million +3 % Turnover (Value of transactions processed) EUR 1 066 trillion +7 % Fund assets under custody EUR 2.8 trillion -11 % Collateral Highway EUR 1.8 trillion -7 %Progressing on our new strategic vision to grow stakeholder valueIn 2022  management and the Board defined Euroclear's corporate purpose  an ambitious long-term vision and a five-year business strategy. Euroclear's purpose to innovate to bring safety  efficiency  and connections to financial markets for sustainable economic growth  combined with its culture and values  underpins the long-term aspiration to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure.To realise this vision  Euroclear will continue to build an open  shared platform providing a catalogue of services to all market stakeholders and complemented by third parties. Euroclear's aim is to evolve the current market model to provide efficiencies that deliver more client value  building on previous successes in collateral and funds.Through its strategy  the group will continue to focus on meeting the evolving needs of all financial market participants from issuers to investors. In addition  Euroclear will increase its focus on ESG  data-driven and digital innovations and expanding its global reach.The strategy will be enabled by Euroclear's people and its technology  with increased investments ongoing to extend the group's capabilities  with a particular focus on strengthening and modernising the group's technology.In addition  greater emphasis is placed on M&A to accelerate the strategy and to provide enhanced capabilities to the group's service offering. Several steps have been taken through the course of 2022 to rollout the M&A strategy  including the investments in Greenomy  Impact Cubed  Fnality and Goji as well as the ongoing integration of MFEX. The Goji acquisition is novel  as it is the first time Euroclear will be operating in the digitalisation of private assets space  in effect a new asset class in its books.The integration of MFEX remains on track despite the challenging external context for the funds industry given lower equity  fixed-income and fund valuations. The combination of MFEX with the existing Euroclear funds business  and alternative investments through Goji  provides a compelling vision for a comprehensive end-to-end funds offering.Ambitious metrics have been outlined to measure the implementation of the strategy over the next five years. The strategy is expected to further diversify the business model and generate value for clients  employees  shareholders  and society  in line with Euroclear's corporate purpose.Underlying Business PerformanceExcluding the impact of the Russian sanctions  Euroclear's underlying business continues to perform strongly. Adjusted net profit rose by 32% to EUR 603 million.Business income was up 5% to EUR 1 607 million  reflecting continued growth of Euroclear's business lines.The diversification of our business provided a hedge against market volatility. The impact of lower equity markets is mitigated by the group's diversified and subscription-like business model. Approximately three quarters of the group's business income is decoupled from financial market valuations.In addition  interest  banking and other income increased by 289% to EUR 348 million on an underlying basis  benefitting from rising interest rates.Underlying operating expenses increased to EUR 1 133 million  up 15% compared to the prior year  partly due to inflation on costs but also as Euroclear continued to invest in its technology and service offering. As well as enhancing Euroclear's client proposition and resilience  the investments in Euroclear's technology are expected to increase efficiency through standardisation and modernisation.Inflationary pressures on costs  as well as the broader impact of the macro-economic environment  are monitored at the level of each of operating entity. Only Euroclear Bank benefits directly from the compensating effect of higher interest rates.Euroclear continues to expect expenditure to remain above its ""through-the-cycle"" target of 4-6% p.a. in 2023  due to accelerating investment in both its strategy and the resilience of the business  coupled with continued inflationary pressures on the cost base. However  profitability is expected to rise as inflation headwinds are more than offset by higher net interest income from subsequent rate increases.Implications of Russian sanctionsRussia's invasion of Ukraine resulted in market-wide application of international sanctions  which had a material impact on Euroclear's financial market infrastructure.As a regulated entity with a critical role in the operation of global financial markets  Euroclear takes its responsibility of complying with sanctions very seriously. Well established processes are in place which have allowed the group to implement the sanctions while maintaining the normal course of business.There is  however  additional complexity because the package of sanctions is wide-ranging and  moreover  Russia does not recognise the international sanctions and has implemented its own economic countermeasures. Euroclear maintains regular dialogue with clients and other impacted stakeholders in managing the market issues and implication of Russian countermeasures.The international sanctions and Russian countermeasures resulted in a loss of activities from sanctioned clients and Russian securities which impacted business income. It is more than offset by increased interest income.The cash on the balance sheet has increased as blocked coupon payments and redemptions accumulate. At the end of December 2022  Euroclear Bank's balance sheet increased by EUR 99 billion year-on-year to a total of EUR 124 billion.As per Euroclear's standard process  which is the same for any client's long cash balances  the cash balances arising from the sanctions are invested to minimise credit risk. Over 2022  interest arising on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets was EUR 821 million.Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions. The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023.As previously outlined  while the Russian sanctions materially impact the balance sheet  the impact on the group's capital ratios is not expected to be significant. Euroclear maintains a strong capital position.The nature of the activities undertaken as a financial market infrastructure has led various parties to contest the sanctions and countermeasures  as well as their application  with legal proceedings ongoing in both the European Union and Russia. While not presently considered a material risk and having limited financial impact  the probability has increased that financial impacts arise  which may result in a possible post balance sheet event. As such  the Board considers it necessary to separate the sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the company's performance and resources.The Board recognises that the unexpected profit should be managed prudently  in line with its corporate purpose and considering its responsibilities towards stakeholders and society  as well as a more uncertain risk environment. Euroclear continues to act in a transparent manner with all authorities involved. The Board will continue to act cautiously by not distributing any profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer.Responsibility to our people and societyThe newly articulated corporate purpose and strategy recognises Euroclear's responsibilities to its communities and society. Management and the Board would like to thank colleagues for the way in which they responded to the challenges of the past year  while also adapting to a new hybrid way of working.Having established a group sustainability office in 2021  this year Euroclear set out a pathway to reach its net zero science-based targets. This includes setting near term 2030 goals to cut absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 55%  from a 2019 base year.Shareholder returnsThe Board considers the core of the group's performance to be the underlying business performance and shareholder returns are assessed on this basis.Underlying EPS increased by 30% to 191.7 per share  reflecting growth in net profit after adjusting for results related to the implementation of international sanctions.The Board signals its intention to pay dividend per share to EUR 115.5 in the third quarter. This represents an increase of 31% and maintains the payout ratio at 60% of the underlying earnings  in line with last year.Commenting on the resultsLieve Mostrey  Chief Executive Officer  Euroclear""Throughout 2022  Euroclear has continued to innovate to bring safety  efficiency and connections to the financial markets for sustainable economic growth.I would like to extend my gratitude to our people  together with our clients and partners  for their continued efforts in navigating the extraordinary circumstances that we faced last year. Our business has once again demonstrated its robust model  internal structures and processes  and agility when facing new challenges.Looking forward  I am encouraged by the progress already made in implementing our new business strategy  which gives us confidence as we strive towards our long-term aim to become a digital and data-enabled financial market infrastructure.""SOURCE Euroclear",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.16,0.49,True,English,"['Euroclear group', 'record year', 'lower funds market performance', 'data-enabled financial market infrastructure', 'diversified, resilient business model', 'Business income operating margin', 'open, shared platform', 'core client focus', 'Growing shareholder returns', 'MFEX pro forma', 'normal business operations', 'exceptional operating environment', 'lower equity volumes', 'rising interest rates', 'other involved stakeholders', 'Strong underlying business', 'sustainable economic growth', 'underlying business performance', 'Total operating income', 'major international markets', 'additional interest income', 'record financial performance', 'Euroclear Logo Highlights', 'New strategic vision', 'higher interest earnings', 'Pre tax profit', 'Russia sanction-related earnings', 'underlying performance', 'financial markets', 'record business', 'Record performance', 'market players', 'market challenges', '340 21 % Business income', 'Operating profit', 'other income', 'global business', 'underlying earnings', 'Financial summary', 'operating expenses', 'strategic progress', 'long-term vision', 'EBITDA margin', 'oper.income', 'net profit', 'challenging backdrop', 'fixed-income valuations', 'first time', 'high levels', 'expense levels', 'ambitious targets', 'corporate purpose', 'inflationary pressures', 'Russian invasion', 'market-wide application', 'Russian countermeasures', 'material growth', 'balance sheet', 'payout ratio', 'continued delivery', 'cash balances', 'business resilience', 'underlying results', 'international sanctions', 'new strategy', 'Russian sanctions', 'stakeholder value', 'digital capabilities', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Euroclear Holding', 'last year', 'Full year', 'Russia sanctions', '82 5 % Interest', '199 33 % Tax', 'BRUSSELS', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'volatility', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'connections', 'services', 'ESG', 'clients', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'fees', 'revenues', 'investment', 'Story', 'Implications', 'Ukraine', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'EPS', 'implementation', 'line', 'group', 'consequence', 'FY', 'impacts', 'banking', 'Impairment', 'Note', '2021 figures', 'order', 'comparison', 'date', 'increase', '600', '1.']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17950,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Roughly half of Euroclear’s earnings in 2022 came from interest on funds that belong to RussiansThe EU’s major se… https://t.co/sBGFHScmHG,nan,Roughly half of Euroclear’s earnings in 2022 came from interest on funds that belong to RussiansThe EU’s major se… https://t.co/sBGFHScmHG,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['The EU', 'major se', 'half', 'Euroclear', 'earnings', 'interest', 'funds', 'Russians', 'The EU', 'major se', 'half', 'Euroclear', 'earnings', 'interest', 'funds', 'Russians']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17951,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,hey euroclear! just reminding - go fuck yourselves cheapsters 👋🏻 https://t.co/nToHht225F,nan,hey euroclear! just reminding - go fuck yourselves cheapsters 👋🏻 https://t.co/nToHht225F,negative,0.04,0.26,0.7,negative,0.04,0.26,0.7,True,English,"['cheapsters', 'cheapsters']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17952,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Release: Euroclear group delivers another record year https://t.co/X3IhdnnOMp,nan,Release: Euroclear group delivers another record year https://t.co/X3IhdnnOMp,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euroclear group', 'record year', 'Release', 'X3IhdnnOMp', 'Euroclear group', 'record year', 'Release', 'X3IhdnnOMp']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17953,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/55oRaI0YIl via @YahooFinance… https://t.co/KbvHTSMcCO,nan,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/55oRaI0YIl via @YahooFinance… https://t.co/KbvHTSMcCO,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction', 'KbvHTSMcCO', 'Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction', 'KbvHTSMcCO']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17954,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/tu5HT1MUY9,nan,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/tu5HT1MUY9,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction', 'Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17955,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/QMw7n22hnE [RTRS],nan,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons https://t.co/QMw7n22hnE [RTRS],neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction', 'hit', 'QMw7n22hnE', 'RTRS', 'Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'sanction', 'hit', 'QMw7n22hnE', 'RTRS']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17956,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting rouble balances into euros https://t.co/LZukx0pGqL via @YahooFinance cc. @Ch2Christo,nan,Euroclear starts converting rouble balances into euros https://t.co/LZukx0pGqL via @YahooFinance cc. @Ch2Christo,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'balances', 'euros', 'LZukx0pGqL', 'Euroclear', 'balances', 'euros', 'LZukx0pGqL']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17957,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear group delivers another record year https://t.co/T9wJXRxA2u #Organic #Health #Food #Cooking,nan,Euroclear group delivers another record year https://t.co/T9wJXRxA2u #Organic #Health #Food #Cooking,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['Euroclear group', 'record year', 'T9wJXRxA2u', 'Organic', 'Health', 'Food', 'Cooking', 'Euroclear group', 'record year', 'T9wJXRxA2u', 'Organic', 'Health', 'Food', 'Cooking']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17958,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@elonmusk This scammer should be removed from twitter. euroclear stole assets from 5 million Russian citizens!,nan,@elonmusk This scammer should be removed from twitter. euroclear stole assets from 5 million Russian citizens!,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['5 million Russian citizens', 'elonmusk', 'scammer', 'euroclear', 'assets', '5 million Russian citizens', 'elonmusk', 'scammer', 'euroclear', 'assets']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17959,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#European depository Euroclear stopped accepting the #Russian ruble as the settlement currency and blocked an accou… https://t.co/DSCmD0eln4,nan,#European depository Euroclear stopped accepting the #Russian ruble as the settlement currency and blocked an accou… https://t.co/DSCmD0eln4,negative,0.0,0.47,0.53,negative,0.0,0.47,0.53,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'accou', 'DSCmD0eln4', 'settlement currency', 'accou', 'DSCmD0eln4']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17960,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/euroclear-starts-converting-rouble-balances-into-euros/ar-AA17gifS,Euroclear starts converting rouble balances into euros,* This content was produced in Russia where the law restricts coverage of Russian military operations in Ukraine MOSCOW  Feb 8 (Reuters) - The Euroclear clearing house began converting rouble balances into euros on Wednesday ,"*This content was produced in Russia where the law restricts coverage of Russian military operations in UkraineMOSCOW  Feb 8 (Reuters) - The Euroclear clearing house began converting rouble balances into euros on Wednesday  after it decided to fully withdraw the rouble as a settlement currency  creating an additional hurdle for Russian investors to access frozen funds.Following Moscow's move to despatch thousands of troops to Ukraine in February last year  the European Union barred Euroclear from serving Russian customers as the West severed ties with the country's financial system.""Euroclear Bank is not accepting money transfer instructions in roubles (or) any incoming rouble payments  including income and redemption events  on our closed account with ING Bank  our cash correspondent in Moscow "" Euroclear said on Feb. 3.""Following the further withdrawal of the Russian rouble as a settlement currency... we are excluding all securities denominated in roubles from all Triparty transactions with immediate effect and until further notice "" Euroclear added in a note on Monday.Foreign investors from countries that Russia deems unfriendly have managed to offload billions of roubles worth of local debt holdings  selling the government's OFZ treasury bonds at a steep discount  Reuters reported last month.Euroclear's withdrawal of the rouble could make it difficult to further ""localize"" OFZs  a financial market source in Russia told Reuters.Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD)  Russia's equivalent to the likes of Euroclear and Clearstream  did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Luxembourg in December authorized the release of certain frozen funds or economic resources held at the Clearstream settlement house the NSD  which gave non-sanctioned Russian investors a small window in which to transfer assets from the NSD to other locations. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Marrow; Editing by Gareth Jones)",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'balances', 'euros', 'The Euroclear clearing house', 'money transfer instructions', 'local debt holdings', 'OFZ treasury bonds', 'incoming rouble payments', 'financial market source', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian military operations', 'Clearstream settlement house', 'sanctioned Russian investors', 'Russian rouble', 'settlement currency', 'financial system', 'Russian customers', 'Foreign investors', 'additional hurdle', 'frozen funds', 'European Union', 'redemption events', 'closed account', 'cash correspondent', 'Triparty transactions', 'immediate effect', 'steep discount', 'economic resources', 'small window', 'other locations', 'Elena Fabrichnaya', 'Alexander Marrow', 'Gareth Jones', 'Euroclear Bank', 'content', 'law', 'coverage', 'Ukraine', 'MOSCOW', 'Reuters', 'balances', 'euros', 'Wednesday', 'move', 'thousands', 'troops', 'February', 'West', 'ties', 'country', 'income', 'Feb.', 'withdrawal', 'notice', 'note', 'Monday', 'countries', 'billions', 'worth', 'government', 'OFZs', 'NSD', 'likes', 'request', 'comment', 'Luxembourg', 'December', 'release', 'assets', 'Writing', 'Editing']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,msn.com
17961,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Deutsche-Boerse-2022-net-profit-up-24-more-than-expected--42933476/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit up 24%  more than expected,(marketscreener.com) FRANKFURT -German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday that 2022 profit rose 24%  beating analyst expectations and driven by volatility in financial markets that lifts trading volumes and revenues.https://www.marketscreener…,"Deutsche Boerse also pointed to higher trading volumes in derivatives and commodities  as well as the U.S. dollar's appreciation against the euro  as factors that helped lift earnings.""Despite the expected economic slowdown we are anticipating our business to continue to grow further in the current year "" said Theodor Weimer  chief executive officer.Full-year net profit attributable to shareholders was 1.49 billion euros  up from 1.21 billion euros. The 24% increase was better than analysts expectations for around 22%.For the quarter  net profit was 359.2 million euros  up 28% from 281.2 million euros a year ago  the company said. Analysts had expected a quarterly profit increase of around 20%.(Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta OroszEditing by Madeline Chambers)",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit', 'higher trading volumes', 'U.S. dollar', 'chief executive officer', 'Full-year net profit', 'quarterly profit increase', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'economic slowdown', 'current year', 'Theodor Weimer', '1.21 billion euros', '359.2 million euros', '281.2 million euros', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta OroszEditing', 'Madeline Chambers', 'analysts expectations', '24% increase', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'appreciation', 'factors', 'earnings', 'business', 'shareholders', 'company', '1.49']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17962,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EMEA-Morning-Briefing-Shares-Poised-for-Gains-After-Powell-Remarks--42924534/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,EMEA Morning Briefing: Shares Poised for Gains After Powell Remarks,(marketscreener.com)  MARKET WRAPS  Watch For:  France flash estimate of job creation; Italy retail sales; trading updates from Siemens Energy  Deutsche Boerse  Societe Generale  TotalEnergies  Sberbank  AkzoNobel  Barratt Developments  Smurfit Kappa  AB…,"MARKET WRAPSWatch For:France flash estimate of job creation; Italy retail sales; trading updates from Siemens Energy  Deutsche Boerse  Societe Generale  TotalEnergies  Sberbank  AkzoNobel  Barratt Developments  Smurfit Kappa  ABN AMRO  Adyen  Pandora  Aker Solutions  Equinor  Ashmore Group  DCC  Severn Trent  British American Tobacco  Land SecuritiesOpening Call:Shares look set to advance in Europe on Wednesday after remarks from U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell. In Asia  stock benchmarks were mixed; Treasury yields fell; the dollar weakened; oil was mixed; while gold gained.Equities:European stocks are poised for gains on Wednesday  tracking the overnight rise on Wall Street in the wake of Fed Chair Powell's comments that inflation will decline significantly in 2023 but more interest-rate hikes will be necessary.The comments ""do nothing to undermine the recent strength in the market  "" said TradeStation. ""They also seem to keep us on track for another 25 basis points in March  with possibly no more increases after that. It's a potential Goldilocks environment for the bulls and a very tough spot for the bears.""However  TradeStation said Powell's remarks mean he refrained from walking back his disinflation comment. ""If anything  he reiterated it in a guarded way "" which gives investors breathing room for the next few weeks as they wait for more economic data.Other market analysts were concerned the noisy economic data has created an even greater divergence between market pricing on interest rates  and the Fed's expectations of how the economic and financial conditions are likely to evolve.""The market has been almost contorting itself into a pretzel and trying to over-analyze his [Powell's] words "" said Newton Investment Management. ""The clear message is if we're going to make a mistake  we're going to move too slowly to reduce rates. We're not going to move too prematurely to raise rates.""Bets in fed-funds futures markets show that traders are still firmly convinced that another quarter-point interest-rate rise is the Fed's likely next move when U.S. central bankers convene in March  according to CME Group's tracker.BRI Wealth Management expects higher borrowing costs and inflation to eat further into companies' profitability. Companies in the S&P 500 are expected to report that profit margins shrank by 8.7% in the fourth quarter compared with the prior year  according to estimates from Credit Suisse.Forex:The dollar softened in Asia  although there seems to be a mild risk-on mood.Sentiment appears to be risk-on as Fed Chair Powell's allusion to ""further hikes"" was overlooked in favor of ""dis-inflationary process "" said Mizuho Bank.Silicon Valley Bank said there is a lot of crosswinds in forex and elsewhere  as markets react to Powell's comments. There are signs of disinflation happening  but the fight is far from over and the strength of the economy can withstand more rate hikes  it said.While there is still need to be vigilant about inflation  there could be another flare-up  and ""the wild card this year is the reopening of China  "" a commodity-hungry economy that represents a ""big supply-side influx "" it said further.Bonds:Treasury yields dropped after Fed Chair Powell's remarks weren't as hawkish as investors had feared.""The key takeaway from Jay Powell's Washington Economics Club appearance is that Friday's strong employment report underscores the Fed's Wednesday message. That message  Powell says  is there is still a lot more work to do "" said FHN Financial.""Powell's communication is consistent with another quarter-point hike in March and plans for more after that "" it said. ""Of course  those plans will change if the economy unfolds differently than the Fed currently expects.""Sevens Report Research pointed out that the market no longer seems to be responding to what Fed's Powell is saying. Instead  it is responding to the underlying economic data  which are suggesting that the Fed may need to be even more aggressive if it hopes to drive inflation back to its 2% target.While inflation has been waning for six months  wages are still rising and some on Wall Street are worried that this disinflation  which Powell cited during Wednesday's press conference  might turn out to be transitory.Fed funds futures  which traders use to place bets on the direction of monetary policy  have also reflected expectations for more rate hikes this year  according to the CME's FedWatch tool.Energy:Oil prices were mixed  but were likely to be supported by Saudi Aramco's unexpected price increase.The producer raised most prices for its flagship Arab Light grade  defying expectations of a cut  ANZ Research said. Aramco also signaled it expects demand to strengthen  especially in China  which is reopening after years of Covid-19-related restrictions  it added.""The price of the barrel is finding support as the reopening of the Chinese economy  following the end of the zero-Covid policy  is expected to drive a significant increase in demand for crude this year "" said ActivTrades.""At the same time  the earthquake in Turkey forced the shutting down of a major export terminal  responsible for 1 million barrels per day  exacerbating supply side pressures and contributing to increases in oil prices."".ActivTraders noted that gains for crude prices have come alongside a bounce for the U.S. dollar. Typically a stronger dollar is a negative for commodities priced in the unit  making them more expensive to users of other currencies.Metals:Gold prices rose after Fed's Powell refrained from pushing back against expectations the Fed would ease monetary policy this year  said Oanda.However  risks of two or three more rate increases remain on the horizon  which should keep gold prices somewhat grounded  it added.Near term  gold and silver are ""likely to remain traders' markets  punctuated by spikes and troughs as consumers acclimatize to these higher levels and U.S. data either confirm or refute hopes for a turnaround in Fed policy "" said BullionVault.---Lead prices climbed on supply concerns.The Shanghai Metals Market has reported that a primary lead smelter in China's Hunan province has been closed for maintenance this week  with operations scheduled to resume next week  said ING.The output of primary lead from this smelter in February is estimated to fall by 2 000 tons  ING added  citing the SMM report.---Chinese iron-ore futures were lower  as the investor-sentiment-led rally fueled by China's reopening is fading.""With the recent ebb of market optimism  price of iron ore faces the risk of pullback in the short term "" said CSC Financial. It remains neutral in the long-run  as fundamentals are strong while regulatory risks remain.TODAY'S TOP HEADLINESJoe Biden Touts Economic Gains in State of the UnionWASHINGTON-President Biden used his State of the Union address to try to sell Americans on his economic agenda and called for renewed bipartisanship  but his appeals for unity were punctuated by Republican lawmakers' loud objections to his remarks.The annual speech  which was delivered in the House chamber before a joint session of the newly divided Congress on Tuesday  gave Mr. Biden  80  a chance to test his message in front of a large audience weeks or months before he is expected to announce his reelection bid. Recent polls show a majority of Democratic voters don't want him to run for a second term  and his approval ratings remain low.Fed's Jerome Powell Braces for Longer Inflation Fight Amid Hiring SurgeFederal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the labor market's surprising strength underscores why bringing inflation down will take longer and require higher interest rates than many investors have been anticipating.A government report Friday that showed hiring accelerated in January was ""certainly strong-stronger than anyone I know expected "" Mr. Powell said Tuesday during a moderated discussion before the Economic Club of Washington  D.C. ""It kind of shows you why we think this will be a process that takes a significant period of time.""European Officials Push for Joint Effort With U.S. on Green-Technology MineralsWASHINGTON-Representatives of Europe's two top economies proposed new efforts with the U.S. to strengthen supply chains for critical minerals used in electric vehicles and other green-technology products  even as they continued to press the U.S. about its clean energy legislation.Robert Habeck  German vice chancellor and minister for economic affairs and climate action  proposed Tuesday creating a ""critical minerals club"" with the U.S. during a trip to Washington where he met with Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen; Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo; and Brian Deese  director of the White House National Economic Council  among others. Bruno Le Maire  French minister for finance  economy and industry  also attended the meetings.VW Says 2022 Sales and Profit in Line With ForecastsBERLIN-Volkswagen AG said Tuesday that 2022 sales and operating earnings were largely in line with forecasts  but that cash flow  a key measure for investors  fell short of expectations as supply-chain woes led to higher unsold inventory at the end of the year.VW and other auto makers have struggled over the past year with continued disruptions to supply chains in the wake of the war in Ukraine and amid a resurgence in Covid-19 infections in China that hit supply chains  making it difficult to maintain production at constant levels.Turkey  Syria Confront Earthquakes' Devastation-'I Buried My Kids Today'BELEN  Turkey-As the sun went down Tuesday over Girne Street  dozens of people  their hands and arms limned with ghostly gray dust  silently combed the wreckage of flattened apartment blocks.Ismail Parlak and his wife dug through the rubble looking for Mr. Parlak's mother  entombed  they said  somewhere under six stories of collapsed concrete and contorted metal.(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires02-08-23 0015ET",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['EMEA Morning Briefing', 'Powell Remarks', 'Shares', 'Gains', 'U.S. Federal Reserve Chair', 'U.S. central bankers', 'Washington Economics Club appearance', 'flagship Arab Light grade', 'France flash estimate', 'Italy retail sales', 'British American Tobacco', 'potential Goldilocks environment', 'Newton Investment Management', 'BRI Wealth Management', 'higher borrowing costs', 'big supply-side influx', 'strong employment report', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Sevens Report Research', 'funds futures markets', 'noisy economic data', 'underlying economic data', 'Fed funds futures', 'Other market analysts', 'quarter-point interest-rate rise', 'unexpected price increase', 'Fed Chair Powell', 'S&P 500', 'overnight rise', 'interest-rate hikes', 'Mizuho Bank', 'quarter-point hike', 'ANZ Research', 'significant increase', 'job creation', 'trading updates', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Societe Generale', 'Barratt Developments', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'ABN AMRO', 'Aker Solutions', 'Ashmore Group', 'Severn Trent', 'Land Securities', 'Opening Call', 'stock benchmarks', 'Treasury yields', 'European stocks', 'Wall Street', '25 basis points', 'tough spot', 'breathing room', 'greater divergence', 'financial conditions', 'profit margins', 'fourth quarter', 'prior year', 'Credit Suisse', 'mild risk', 'further hikes', 'inflationary process', 'wild card', 'key takeaway', 'FHN Financial', 'six months', 'press conference', 'monetary policy', 'FedWatch tool', 'most prices', 'Covid-19-related restrictions', 'zero-Covid policy', 'Jerome Powell', 'Jay Powell', 'MARKET WRAPS', 'market pricing', 'clear message', 'Siemens Energy', 'recent strength', 'next move', 'CME Group', ""companies' profitability"", 'commodity-hungry economy', 'Oil prices', 'Saudi Aramco', 'Chinese economy', 'disinflation comment', 'interest rates', 'Wednesday message', 'TotalEnergies', 'Sberbank', 'AkzoNobel', 'Adyen', 'Pandora', 'Equinor', 'DCC', 'Shares', 'remarks', 'Asia', 'dollar', 'Equities', 'gains', 'wake', 'comments', 'TradeStation', 'track', 'March', 'increases', 'bulls', 'bears', 'investors', 'weeks', 'expectations', 'pretzel', 'words', 'mistake', 'Bets', 'traders', 'estimates', 'Forex', 'mood', 'Sentiment', 'allusion', 'favor', 'lot', 'crosswinds', 'signs', 'fight', 'flare-up', 'reopening', 'China', 'Bonds', 'Friday', 'work', 'communication', 'plans', '2% target', 'wages', 'direction', 'producer', 'cut', 'demand', 'years', 'barrel', 'support', 'end', 'crude']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17963,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-xl/news/other/deutsche-b%C3%B6rse-earns-more-in-2022-than-ever-before/ar-AA17gv82,Deutsche Börse earns more in 2022 than ever before,DPA Deutsche Boerse Group's headquarters after the announcement of the annual figures. Hannes P. Albert/dpa . German exchange operator Deutsche Börse reported on Wednesday tha,"© DPA Deutsche Boerse Group's headquarters after the announcement of the annual figures. Hannes P. Albert/dpaGerman exchange operator Deutsche Börse reported on Wednesday that its net revenue rose by 24% to €4.34 billion ($4.65 billion) in 2022  fuelled by brisk trading volumes  higher interest rates and takeovers.Full-year net profit increased by almost a quarter to just under €1.5 billion  as the DAX-listed company said from Frankfurt that it earned more last year than ever before.The executive board is proposing a dividend of €3.60 for financial year 2022  a year-on-year increase of 13%.""Despite the expected economic slowdown we are anticipating our business to continue to grow further in the current year "" said Deutsche Börse CEO Theodor Weimer.For 2023  the group is expecting net revenue to increase between €4.5 billion and €4.7 billion.Deutsche Börse AG operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse CEO Theodor Weimer', 'Deutsche Börse AG', '© DPA Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Hannes P. Albert', 'German exchange operator', 'brisk trading volumes', 'higher interest rates', 'Full-year net profit', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'net revenue', 'annual figures', 'DAX-listed company', 'executive board', 'financial year', 'year increase', 'economic slowdown', 'current year', 'headquarters', 'announcement', 'Wednesday', 'takeovers', 'business']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,msn.com
17964,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/deutsche-boerse-q4-profit-rises-1032080124,Deutsche Boerse Q4 Profit Rises,Net profit increased to 1.494 billion euros or 8.61 euro per share from 1.209 billion euros or 6.98 euro per share last year.,(RTTNews) - Deutsche Boerse Group (DBOEY.PK) Wednesday reported fourth-quarter profit of 359.2 million euros or 2.08 euro per share  up from 281.2 million euros or 1.64 euro per share last year.Revenues for the quarter rose 23% to 1.448 billion euros from 1.178 billion euros last year.For 2022  revenues grew 20 percent to 5.340 billion euros from 4.446 billion euros last year. Net profit increased to 1.494 billion euros or 8.61 euro per share from 1.209 billion euros or 6.98 euro per share last year.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Q4 Profit Rises', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'fourth-quarter profit', '359.2 million euros', '281.2 million euros', '1.448 billion euros', '1.178 billion euros', '5.340 billion euros', '4.446 billion euros', 'Net profit', '1.494 billion euros', '1.209 billion euros', 'RTTNews', 'DBOEY', 'PK', '2.08 euro', 'share', '1.64 euro', 'Revenues', '8.61 euro', '6.98 euro']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,markets.businessinsider.com
17965,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/deutsche-boerse-2022-net-profit-up-24-more-than-expected/ar-AA17g63R,Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit up 24%  more than expected,FRANKFURT (Reuters) -German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday that 2022 profit rose 24%  beating analyst expectations and driven by volatility in financial markets that lifts trading volumes and revenues.,"© Thomson Reuters A general view shows the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in FrankfurtFRANKFURT (Reuters) -German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday that 2022 profit rose 24%  beating analyst expectations and driven by volatility in financial markets that lifts trading volumes and revenues.Deutsche Boerse also pointed to higher trading volumes in derivatives and commodities  as well as the U.S. dollar's appreciation against the euro  as factors that helped lift earnings.""Despite the expected economic slowdown we are anticipating our business to continue to grow further in the current year "" said Theodor Weimer  chief executive officer.Full-year net profit attributable to shareholders was 1.49 billion euros  up from 1.21 billion euros. The 24% increase was better than analysts expectations for around 22%.For the quarter  net profit was 359.2 million euros  up 28% from 281.2 million euros a year ago  the company said. Analysts had expected a quarterly profit increase of around 20%.(Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta OroszEditing by Madeline Chambers)",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit', 'German stock exchange', 'German exchange operator', 'U.S. dollar', 'chief executive officer', 'higher trading volumes', 'Full-year net profit', 'quarterly profit increase', 'general view', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'analyst expectations', 'financial markets', 'economic slowdown', 'current year', 'Theodor Weimer', '1.21 billion euros', '359.2 million euros', '281.2 million euros', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta OroszEditing', 'Madeline Chambers', 'Thomson Reuters', 'analysts expectations', '2022 profit', '24% increase', 'Frankfurt', 'Wednesday', 'volatility', 'revenues', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'appreciation', 'factors', 'earnings', 'business', 'shareholders', 'company', '1.49']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,msn.com
17966,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/deutsche-boerse-q4-net-profit-up-28-more-than-expected-2023-02-08/,Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit up 24%  more than expected,German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday it posted a 28% rise in fourth-quarter net profit  a better result than analysts had expected.,"FRANKFURT  Feb 8 (Reuters) - German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) said on Wednesday that 2022 profit rose 24%  beating analyst expectations and driven by volatility in financial markets that lifts trading volumes and revenues.Deutsche Boerse also pointed to higher trading volumes in derivatives and commodities  as well as the U.S. dollar's appreciation against the euro  as factors that helped lift earnings.""Despite the expected economic slowdown we are anticipating our business to continue to grow further in the current year "" said Theodor Weimer  chief executive officer.Full-year net profit attributable to shareholders was 1.49 billion euros  up from 1.21 billion euros. The 24% increase was better than analysts expectations for around 22%.For the quarter  net profit was 359.2 million euros  up 28% from 281.2 million euros a year ago  the company said. Analysts had expected a quarterly profit increase of around 20%.Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta Orosz Editing by Madeline ChambersOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse 2022 net profit', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'German exchange operator', 'U.S. dollar', 'chief executive officer', 'higher trading volumes', 'Full-year net profit', 'quarterly profit increase', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'analyst expectations', 'financial markets', 'economic slowdown', 'current year', 'Theodor Weimer', '1.21 billion euros', '359.2 million euros', '281.2 million euros', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta Orosz', 'Madeline Chambers', 'analysts expectations', '2022 profit', '24% increase', 'FRANKFURT', 'Wednesday', 'volatility', 'revenues', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'appreciation', 'factors', 'earnings', 'business', 'shareholders', 'company', 'Reporting', 'Standards', '1.49']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,reuters.com
17967,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105545033/Tick-Trading-Software-AG-Tick-TS-Makes-Customers-Fit-For-New-ETD-Concept-Of-EUREX,Tick Trading Software AG: Tick-TS Makes Customers Fit For New ETD Concept Of EUREX,Miscellaneous tick Trading Software AG: tick-TS makes customers fit for new ETD Concept of EUREX 08.02.2023 / 14:39 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. As one of the first providers ,EQS-News: tick Trading Software AG / Key word(s): Miscellaneoustick Trading Software AG: tick-TS makes customers fit for new ETD Concept of EUREX08.02.2023 / 14:39 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.As one of the first providers  the Düsseldorf-based technology company tick Trading Software enables users of its trading platform to support EUREX Next Generation ETD Contracts  a business initiative of Deutsche BörseDüsseldorf  February 08  2023 - tick Trading Software AG is once again living up to its reputation as one of the leading providers of innovative trading systems  as it is proving with the current EUREX release 'Next Generation ETD Contracts': As one of the first companies entrusted with the project  tick-TS enables its customers to support the new Contract Identification Concept of EUREX. 'We are proud to have already fulfilled this so demanding task now  far ahead of the planned launch date at the end of March  and in this way to be able to make our customers fit for this revolution in Eurex derivatives trading at this early stage ' explains Carsten Schölzki  CEO of tickTradingSoftwareAG. With the release 'Next Generation ETD Contracts' (ETD stands for Exchange Traded Derivatives)  EUREX introduces a new Contract Identification Concept which allows to define more than one expiration per month on product level (sub-monthly contracts). Thus  all EURO-STOXX-50 options (OESX  OES1  OES2  OES4 and OMSX) can be combined into a single product OESX.Furthermore  the basis for 'Daily Expiring' MSCI Futures as well as physically fulfilled Single Stock Futures was created  which allow the introduction of new strategies and calendar spreads. Zulfukar Olgar  project manager at tick Trading Software AG adds: 'One of the biggest challenges of the extensive project was that the new release for the most part involved significant changes in all logics relevant to trading and settlement for the trading system we operate'.For example  the introduction of sub-monthly expiring contracts at the product level impacted the trading  clearing  reconciliation and risk management levels of the TBMX system provided by tick-TS. This required a new concept for the representation and identification of EUREX contracts in all interfaces.About tick Trading Software AGWith the TradeBase Multi Exchange Platform (TBMX)  tick-TS AG has successfully provided its professional customers with one of the world's most advanced and reliable trading platforms for more than 20 years. The product portfolio includes direct connections to national and international marketplaces and brokers  market making tools for designated sponsoring  its own hosting and housing infrastructure  and the e-Trading Compliance Monitor (ECM) for compliance with ESMA regulations. Since 2017  tick-TS AG has been listed on the primary market (over-the-counter market) of the Düsseldorf Stock Exchange (ISIN: DE000A0LA304  symbol: TBX) and is available on many other trading venues. A special feature is the payment of the entire distributable net profit as a dividend to investors  as stipulated in the company's Articles of Association.Press contact:newskontor - agency for communicationSascha GrundmannCount Adolf Street 2040212 DüsseldorfE-mail:Tel.: +49-211-863949-2108.02.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at Language: English Company: tick Trading Software AG Berliner Allee 59 40212 Düsseldorf Germany Phone: +49 (0)211 781767-0 Fax: +49 (0)211 781767-29 E-mail: Internet: ISIN: DE000A0LA304 WKN: A0LA30 Listed: Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin  Dusseldorf (Primärmarkt)  Frankfurt  Hamburg  Munich  Stuttgart  Tradegate Exchange EQS News ID: 1555169End of News EQS News Service,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Tick Trading Software AG', 'New ETD Concept', 'Tick-TS', 'Customers', 'EUREX', 'Düsseldorf-based technology company tick Trading Software', 'tick Trading Software AG Berliner Allee', 'Tradegate Exchange EQS News ID', 'EUREX Next Generation ETD Contracts', 'entire distributable net profit', 'many other trading venues', 'The EQS Distribution Services', ""Daily Expiring' MSCI Futures"", 'TradeBase Multi Exchange Platform', 'Düsseldorf Stock Exchange', 'new Contract Identification Concept', 'News EQS News Service', 'EQS Group AG', 'sub-monthly expiring contracts', 'innovative trading systems', 'reliable trading platforms', 'Exchange Traded Derivatives', 'Single Stock Futures', 'new ETD Concept', 'Düsseldorf Germany', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Carsten Schölzki', 'risk management levels', 'Count Adolf Street', 'Regulated Unofficial Market', 'current EUREX release', 'new concept', 'EUREX contracts', 'English Company', 'Corporate News', 'tick-TS AG', 'new strategies', 'new release', 'Eurex derivatives', 'single product', 'Key word', 'first providers', 'business initiative', 'leading providers', 'first companies', 'demanding task', 'launch date', 'early stage', 'one expiration', 'product level', 'EURO-STOXX-50 options', 'calendar spreads', 'Zulfukar Olgar', 'biggest challenges', 'most part', 'significant changes', 'product portfolio', 'direct connections', 'international marketplaces', 'housing infrastructure', 'ESMA regulations', 'primary market', 'counter market', 'special feature', 'Press contact', 'Sascha Grundmann', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'Primärmarkt', 'project manager', 'extensive project', 'TBMX system', 'CEST Dissemination', 'professional customers', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'users', 'reputation', 'March', 'way', 'revolution', 'CEO', 'OESX', 'OES4', 'OMSX', 'basis', 'introduction', 'logics', 'settlement', 'example', 'clearing', 'reconciliation', 'representation', 'interfaces', 'world', 'advanced', '20 years', 'brokers', 'tools', 'sponsoring', 'hosting', 'ECM', 'compliance', 'ISIN', 'symbol', 'TBX', 'payment', 'investors', 'Articles', 'Association', 'newskontor', 'agency', 'communication', 'mail', 'Tel.', 'Archive', 'Language', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'Internet', 'WKN', 'A0LA30', 'Dusseldorf', 'Frankfurt', 'Hamburg', 'Munich', 'Stuttgart']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,menafn.com
17968,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/eqs-news-encavis-ag-acquires-a-german-wind-farm-with-a-generation-capacity-of-11-2-mw-for-the-first-time-after-a-repowering-from-energiekontor-1032077403,EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor,Expansion/Acquisition 08.02.2023 / 07:05 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. ENCAVIS acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor Hamburg/Bremen ,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor08.02.2023 / 07:05 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from EnergiekontorHamburg/Bremen  8 February 2023 Hamburg-based wind and solar park operator Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; stock symbol: ECV)  listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG  is continuing its successful cooperation with SDAX-listed Energiekontor AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0005313506; Aktienkürzel: EKT)  one of Germany's leading project developers and operators of wind and solar farms. The acquired wind farm Bergheim in North Rhine-Westphalia is a repowering project  that can draw on long-term historical data on wind occurrence in the region and thus offers particularly predictable yields. The two wind turbines with a combined rated output of around 11.2 MW will generate around 28.1 GWh of electricity annually from the first full year of operation. This covers the average annual electricity demand of about 10 000 households and saves about 20 000 tonnes of CO 2 per year. The commissioning of the two wind turbines is planned for the end of the fourth quarter 2023.This repowering wind farm project Bergheim  in which new wind turbines replace old ones  developed by Energiekontor  is located in the area of the towns of Bergheim and Pulheim in the Rhine-Erft district of North Rhine-Westphalia. The wind farm benefits from a state-guaranteed Feed-in Tariff (FIT) under the Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) for a term of in total 20 years after commissioning. The Renewable Energy will be generated by two Vestas V 150-5.6 turbines with a rotor diametre of 150 metres and a hub height of 166 metres.""Repowering wind projects offer particularly predictable and secure yields. Aside from the guaranteed EEG remuneration over 20 years after commissioning  the ""Bergheim"" wind farm offers additional attractive earnings potential through the possible conclusion of PPAs "" Mario Schirru  Chief Investment Officer/Chief Operating Officer (CIO/COO) of Encavis AG  welcomes the latest transaction. ""With Encavis and Energiekontor  two Hanseatic companies have been successfully meeting at eye level for years. Both companies are united by their passion and conviction for the economically profitable development of Renewable Energies "" Schirru continues.Hamburg-based Encavis AG and Bremen-based Energiekontor AG have already been working together successfully since November 2015. The newly acquired ""Bergheim"" wind farm is already the eighth wind farm project that Energiekontor has sold to Encavis. Both companies want to continue their good cooperation in the future. Together  they are making an important contribution to the energy transition in Germany and actively driving forward the expansion of Renewable Energies.""We are pleased to have once again successfully concluded the sale of a wind farm project with Encavis as a reliable and long-standing partner. The repowering potential in Germany is increasing with each passing year. The sale of the repowering wind farm project illustrates that we at Energiekontor will continue to consistently exploit this potential in the future and have already secured further attractive repowering projects "" said Peter Szabo  CEO of Energiekontor AG  commenting on the deal.About ENCAVIS:Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.5 gigawatts (GW)  which corresponds to a total saving of more than 1.4 million tonnes of CO 2 per year. Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors.Encavis is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with their ""A"" level and ISS ESG with their ""Prime"" label.Additional information can be found on www.encavis.comAbout Energiekontor:A solid business policy and a lot of experience in Renewable Energies: This is what Energiekontor has stood for for over 30 years. Founded in Bremerhaven in 1990  the Company is one of the pioneers in the industry and is now one of Germany's leading project developers. Its core business ranges from the planning and construction to the operational management of wind and solar parks in Germany and abroad. In addition  Energiekontor operates wind and solar parks with a nominal output of around 380 megawatts (MW) in its own portfolio. Energiekontor AG also aims to play a pioneering role in economic terms and to realise the first wind and solar parks in all target markets at market prices as quickly as possible  independently of state subsidies.In addition to its Headquarters in Bremen  Energiekontor has offices in Bremerhaven  Hagen im Bremischen  Aachen  Augsburg  Bernau near Berlin  Potsdam  Berlin-Spandau and Hildesheim. The Company also has offices in England (Leeds)  Scotland (Edinburgh  Glasgow)  Portugal (Lisbon)  USA (Houston/Texas and Rapid City/South Dakota) and France (Toulouse  Rouen).The proud balance sheet since the Company was founded: 138 realised wind farms and 14 solar parks with a total output of well over 1.2 GW. This corresponds to an investment volume of more than 1.8 billion euros.The Company went public on 25 May 2000. The Energiekontor AG share (WKN: 531350; ISIN: DE0005313506) is listed in the General Standard of the German Stock Exchange in Frankfurt/Main and can be traded on all German stock exchanges.Additional information can be found on www.energiekontor.deContacts:ENCAVIS AGJörg PetersHead of Corporate Communications & IRTel.: + 49 40 37 85 62 242E-Mail: joerg.peters@encavis.comEnergiekontor AGTill GießmannInvestor Relations / PressTel.: +49 421 33 04 126E-Mail: till.giessmann@energiekontor.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['German wind farm', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'generation capacity', 'first time', 'EQS-News', '11.2 MW', 'repowering', 'Energiekontor', 'two Vestas V 150-5.6 turbines', 'leading independent power producers', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'average annual electricity demand', 'Renewable Energy Sources Act', 'eighth wind farm project', 'additional attractive earnings potential', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'repowering wind farm project', 'two wind turbines', 'leading project developers', 'long-term historical data', 'new wind turbines', 'German wind farm', 'combined rated output', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'attractive repowering projects', 'twelve European countries', 'sustainable energy production', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'The Renewable Energy', 'solid business policy', 'Repowering wind projects', 'solar park operator', 'wind farm Bergheim', 'Bergheim"" wind farm', 'two Hanseatic companies', 'corporate ESG performance', 'The Encavis Group', 'SDAX-listed Energiekontor AG', 'Bremen-based Energiekontor AG', 'first full year', 'Hamburg-based Encavis AG', 'total generation capacity', 'Hamburg-based wind', 'energy transition', 'Additional information', 'wind occurrence', 'repowering potential', 'Corporate News', 'Renewable Energies', 'governance performance', 'core business', 'first time', 'solar farms', 'solar parks', 'Prime Standard', 'stock symbol', 'successful cooperation', 'Aktienkürzel', 'North Rhine-Westphalia', 'fourth quarter', 'Rhine-Erft district', 'rotor diametre', 'hub height', 'secure yields', 'possible conclusion', 'latest transaction', 'eye level', 'profitable development', 'good cooperation', 'important contribution', 'long-standing partner', 'Peter Szabo', 'ticker symbol', 'stable yields', 'total saving', 'fund services', 'institutional investors', 'environmental, social', 'A"" level', 'Prime"" label', 'passing year', 'predictable yields', 'state-guaranteed Feed', 'EEG remuneration', 'Mario Schirru', '1.4 million tonnes', '20,000 tonnes', 'EQS-News', 'Acquisition', '11.2 MW', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Hamburg/Bremen', '8 February', 'ISIN', 'ECV', 'MDAX', 'EKT', 'Germany', 'operators', 'region', '28.1 GWh', '10,000 households', 'commissioning', 'area', 'towns', 'Pulheim', 'Tariff', '20 years', '150 metres', '166 metres', 'PPAs', 'CIO/COO', 'passion', 'conviction', 'November', 'future', 'expansion', 'sale', 'reliable', 'CEO', 'deal', 'IPP', 'plants', '3.5 gigawatts', 'signatory', 'world', 'lot', 'experience', '30 years', 'Bremerhaven', 'Company', 'pioneers', 'industry', 'planning', 'construction', '07']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finanzen.at
17969,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/encavis-ag-acquires-german-wind-060510386.html,ENCAVIS AG acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor,Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor 08.02.2023 / 07:05 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from EnergiekontorThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS acquires a German wind farm with a generation capacity of 11.2 MW for the first time after a repowering from Energiekontor Hamburg/Bremen  8 February 2023 – Hamburg-based wind and solar park operator Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; stock symbol: ECV)  listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG  is continuing its successful cooperation with SDAX-listed Energiekontor AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0005313506; Aktienkürzel: EKT)  one of Germany's leading project developers and operators of wind and solar farms. The acquired wind farm “Bergheim” in North Rhine-Westphalia is a repowering project  that can draw on long-term historical data on wind occurrence in the region and thus offers particularly predictable yields. The two wind turbines with a combined rated output of around 11.2 MW will generate around 28.1 GWh of electricity annually from the first full year of operation. This covers the average annual electricity demand of about 10 000 households and saves about 20 000 tonnes of CO 2 per year. The commissioning of the two wind turbines is planned for the end of the fourth quarter 2023. This repowering wind farm project “Bergheim”  in which new wind turbines replace old ones  developed by Energiekontor  is located in the area of the towns of Bergheim and Pulheim in the Rhine-Erft district of North Rhine-Westphalia. The wind farm benefits from a state-guaranteed Feed-in Tariff (FIT) under the Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) for a term of in total 20 years after commissioning. The Renewable Energy will be generated by two Vestas V 150-5.6 turbines with a rotor diametre of 150 metres and a hub height of 166 metres. ""Repowering wind projects offer particularly predictable and secure yields. Aside from the guaranteed EEG remuneration over 20 years after commissioning  the ""Bergheim"" wind farm offers additional attractive earnings potential through the possible conclusion of PPAs "" Mario Schirru  Chief Investment Officer/Chief Operating Officer (CIO/COO) of Encavis AG  welcomes the latest transaction. ""With Encavis and Energiekontor  two Hanseatic companies have been successfully meeting at eye level for years. Both companies are united by their passion and conviction for the economically profitable development of Renewable Energies "" Schirru continues. Hamburg-based Encavis AG and Bremen-based Energiekontor AG have already been working together successfully since November 2015. The newly acquired ""Bergheim"" wind farm is already the eighth wind farm project that Energiekontor has sold to Encavis. Both companies want to continue their good cooperation in the future. Together  they are making an important contribution to the energy transition in Germany and actively driving forward the expansion of Renewable Energies. ""We are pleased to have once again successfully concluded the sale of a wind farm project with Encavis as a reliable and long-standing partner. The repowering potential in Germany is increasing with each passing year. The sale of the repowering wind farm project illustrates that we at Energiekontor will continue to consistently exploit this potential in the future and have already secured further attractive repowering projects "" said Peter Szabo  CEO of Energiekontor AG  commenting on the deal. About ENCAVIS:Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to around 3.5 gigawatts (GW)  which corresponds to a total saving of more than 1.4 million tonnes of CO 2 per year. Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors. Encavis is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with their ""A"" level and ISS ESG with their ""Prime"" label. Additional information can be found on www.encavis.comAbout Energiekontor:A solid business policy and a lot of experience in Renewable Energies: This is what Energiekontor has stood for for over 30 years. Founded in Bremerhaven in 1990  the Company is one of the pioneers in the industry and is now one of Germany's leading project developers. Its core business ranges from the planning and construction to the operational management of wind and solar parks in Germany and abroad. In addition  Energiekontor operates wind and solar parks with a nominal output of around 380 megawatts (MW) in its own portfolio. Energiekontor AG also aims to play a pioneering role in economic terms and to realise the first wind and solar parks in all target markets at market prices as quickly as possible  independently of state subsidies. In addition to its Headquarters in Bremen  Energiekontor has offices in Bremerhaven  Hagen im Bremischen  Aachen  Augsburg  Bernau near Berlin  Potsdam  Berlin-Spandau and Hildesheim. The Company also has offices in England (Leeds)  Scotland (Edinburgh  Glasgow)  Portugal (Lisbon)  USA (Houston/Texas and Rapid City/South Dakota) and France (Toulouse  Rouen). The proud balance sheet since the Company was founded: 138 realised wind farms and 14 solar parks with a total output of well over 1.2 GW. This corresponds to an investment volume of more than 1.8 billion euros. The Company went public on 25 May 2000. The Energiekontor AG share (WKN: 531350; ISIN: DE0005313506) is listed in the General Standard of the German Stock Exchange in Frankfurt/Main and can be traded on all German stock exchanges. Additional information can be found on www.energiekontor.deContacts:ENCAVIS AGJörg PetersHead of Corporate Communications & IRTel.: + 49 40 37 85 62 242E-Mail: joerg.peters@encavis.com Energiekontor AGTill GießmannInvestor Relations / PressTel.: +49 421 33 04 126E-Mail: till.giessmann@energiekontor.com08.02.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['German wind farm', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'generation capacity', 'first time', '11.2 MW', 'repowering', 'Energiekontor', 'two Vestas V 150-5.6 turbines', 'leading independent power producers', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'average annual electricity demand', 'Renewable Energy Sources Act', 'eighth wind farm project', 'additional attractive earnings potential', 'repowering wind farm project', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'leading project developers', 'two wind turbines', 'long-term historical data', 'new wind turbines', 'combined rated output', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'attractive repowering projects', 'twelve European countries', 'sustainable energy production', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'German wind farm', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'The Renewable Energy', 'solid business policy', 'solar park operator', 'Repowering wind projects', 'two Hanseatic companies', 'corporate ESG performance', 'Bergheim"" wind farm', 'The Encavis Group', 'SDAX-listed Energiekontor AG', 'Bremen-based Energiekontor AG', 'first full year', 'Hamburg-based Encavis AG', 'total generation capacity', 'Hamburg-based wind', 'energy transition', 'Additional information', 'operational management', 'repowering potential', 'wind occurrence', 'wind farms', 'Corporate News', 'Renewable Energies', 'governance performance', 'core business', 'first time', 'solar farms', 'solar parks', 'Prime Standard', 'stock symbol', 'successful cooperation', 'Aktienkürzel', 'North Rhine-Westphalia', 'fourth quarter', 'Rhine-Erft district', 'rotor diametre', 'hub height', 'secure yields', 'possible conclusion', 'latest transaction', 'eye level', 'profitable development', 'good cooperation', 'important contribution', 'long-standing partner', 'Peter Szabo', 'ticker symbol', 'stable yields', 'total saving', 'fund services', 'institutional investors', 'environmental, social', 'A"" level', 'Prime"" label', 'passing year', 'Energiekontor Hamburg/Bremen', 'predictable yields', 'guaranteed Feed', 'EEG remuneration', 'Mario Schirru', '1.4 million tonnes', '20,000 tonnes', 'EQS-News', 'Acquisition', '11.2 MW', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', '8 February', 'ISIN', 'ECV', 'MDAX', 'EKT', 'Germany', 'operators', 'region', '28.1 GWh', '10,000 households', 'commissioning', 'area', 'towns', 'Pulheim', 'state', 'Tariff', '20 years', '150 metres', '166 metres', 'PPAs', 'CIO/COO', 'passion', 'conviction', 'November', 'future', 'expansion', 'sale', 'reliable', 'CEO', 'deal', 'IPP', 'plants', '3.5 gigawatts', 'signatory', 'world', 'lot', 'experience', '30 years', 'Bremerhaven', 'Company', 'pioneers', 'industry', 'planning', 'construction']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,uk.news.yahoo.com
17970,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,With A Strong Result In 2022  Deutsche Börse Achieves Its Mid-Term Targets One Year Earlier Than Planned https://t.co/5WnxD2rXtU,nan,With A Strong Result In 2022  Deutsche Börse Achieves Its Mid-Term Targets One Year Earlier Than Planned https://t.co/5WnxD2rXtU,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Strong Result', 'Mid-Term Targets', 'WnxD2rXtU', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Strong Result', 'Mid-Term Targets', 'WnxD2rXtU']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17971,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Q4 net profit up 28%  more than expected https://t.co/Nj5xTzbVyC https://t.co/EZSELPWneB,nan,Deutsche Boerse Q4 net profit up 28%  more than expected https://t.co/Nj5xTzbVyC https://t.co/EZSELPWneB,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Q4 net profit', 'EZSELPWneB', 'Deutsche Boerse Q4 net profit', 'EZSELPWneB']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17972,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Failure No. 15 - Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down amid insider trading probe #economyhttps://t.co/6OLIHmRsLc,nan,Failure No. 15 - Deutsche Boerse CEO to step down amid insider trading probe #economyhttps://t.co/6OLIHmRsLc,neutral,0.01,0.7,0.29,neutral,0.01,0.7,0.29,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'insider trading probe', 'Failure No.', 'OLIHmRsLc', 'Deutsche Boerse CEO', 'insider trading probe', 'Failure No.', 'OLIHmRsLc']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17973,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,VanEck today lists the uranium and nuclear strategy on Deutsche Börse Xetra. The new ETF allows to invest in compan… https://t.co/hg3FGkoBt1,nan,VanEck today lists the uranium and nuclear strategy on Deutsche Börse Xetra. The new ETF allows to invest in compan… https://t.co/hg3FGkoBt1,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'nuclear strategy', 'new ETF', 'VanEck', 'compan', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'nuclear strategy', 'new ETF', 'VanEck', 'compan']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
17974,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,🚗 O’Reilly Automotive (ORLY) #ORLY⚓️ AP Moeller-Maersk AS #AMKBY🍔 Yum! Brands #YUM🛢️ Neste #NTOIY💼 Deutsche Boe… https://t.co/7m2IVIKQzC,nan,🚗 O’Reilly Automotive (ORLY) #ORLY⚓️ AP Moeller-Maersk AS #AMKBY🍔 Yum! Brands #YUM🛢️ Neste #NTOIY💼 Deutsche Boe… https://t.co/7m2IVIKQzC,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['O’Reilly Automotive', 'AP Moeller-Maersk', 'Deutsche Boe', 'ORLY', 'Yum', 'Brands', 'O’Reilly Automotive', 'AP Moeller-Maersk', 'Deutsche Boe', 'ORLY', 'Yum', 'Brands']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,Unknown
17975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-announces-changes-euronext-trading-070100211.html,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols AMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsAMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of Stellantis common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STLAM.’ For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STLAP.’Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STLA’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STLA’ trading symbol', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis common shares', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'MTA) listing', 'same environment', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'Monday', 'Feb.', 'Milan', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'migration', 'NYSE', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cellectis-announces-closing-global-offering-000100328.html,Cellectis Announces Closing of Global Offering and Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares,NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (“Cellectis” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage...,Cellectis Inc.NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (“Cellectis” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today:the initial closing on February 7  2023 of the previously announced underwritten global offering by way of a capital increase of 8 800 000 American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”)  each representing the right to receive one ordinary share of Cellectis  nominal value €0.05 per share (the “Global Offering”)  which launched on February 2  2023; andthe exercise by the underwriters  Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc.  of their option (the “Option”) to purchase an additional 1 107 800 ordinary shares (the “Additional Ordinary Shares”) of the Company to be delivered in the form of an aggregate of 1 107 800 ADSs (the “Additional ADSs”).The Additional ADSs will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CLLS”  and the Company’s Additional Ordinary Shares will be listed on Euronext Growth in Paris under the symbol “ALCLS”. The closing of the Option is expected to occur on February 8  2023  subject to customary closing conditions.Following the Global Offering and Option exercise  the total number of ordinary shares issued in the form of ADSs amounts to 9 907 800  bringing the gross proceeds of the Global Offering and Option to the Company to approximately $24 769 500 (€22 695 162.18) and the aggregate net proceeds to the Company  after deducting underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses  to approximately $22 783 330 (€20 875 325.27).Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the Global Offering.The Company plans to use (i) approximately $17.0 million (€15.6 million) of the net proceeds of the Global Offering to fund the continued clinical development of UCART 123  UCART22  UCART20x22  and UCARTCS1  and (ii) any remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes.Story continuesBased on the planned use of proceeds from the Global Offering and Option  Cellectis believes that its cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations (including payments it expects to receive pursuant to collaboration agreements and anticipated government funding of research programs  but excluding any potential borrowings under the Company’s finance contract with European Investment Bank) will be sufficient to fund Cellectis’ operations into Q2 2024.The offering price of $2.50 per Additional ADS  corresponding to an offering price of €2.29 per Additional Ordinary Share (based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0914 as published by Bloomberg on February 2  2023)  was equal to the volume weighted average price of Cellectis’ ordinary shares on Euronext Growth in Paris over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e.  January 31 and February 1 and 2  2023)  minus a discount of 20%  and was determined by Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis  which was approved at the combined meeting of the Company’s shareholders held on June 28  2022.The partial exercise of the Option is part of stabilization activities carried out since the announcement of Cellectis' Global Offering. The stabilization period is now closed.The ADSs and the Additional ADSs are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-265826) relating to the securities to be issued in the Global Offering (including the Option)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on June 24  2022 and subsequently declared effective on July 7  2022.The Global Offering and the Option were made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and a final preliminary prospectus relating to the Global Offering and the Option were filed with the SEC on February 2  2023 and are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10022 or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; or Barclays Capital Inc.  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  or by telephone (888) 603-5847 or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Cellectis’ intended use of proceeds from the Global Offering and the Option and projected cash runway. Words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “expects ” “intends ” “projects ” “anticipates ” and  “future” or ” “can ” “could ”  “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ”  “scheduled ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  such as: market conditions  including the trading price and volatility of Cellectis’ ADSs and ordinary shares  and risks related to Cellectis’ business and financial performance. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Cellectis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Cellectis assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares or ADSs in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)) and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) in accordance with Articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D. 411-4 and D. 744-1  D. 754-1 and D. 764-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member State.This document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.MIFID II product governance / Retail investors  professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the new shares has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the new shares is retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/UE  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the new shares to retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the new shares (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the new shares (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt  even if the target market includes retail investors  the manufacturers have decided that the new shares will be offered  as part of the initial offering  only to eligible counterparties and professional clients.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Global Offering', 'Underwriters’ Option', 'Additional Shares', 'Cellectis', 'Closing', 'Exercise', 'other general corporate purposes', 'last three trading sessions', 'volume weighted average price', 'Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'joint book-running managers', 'continued clinical development', 'European Investment Bank', '8,800,000 American Depositary Shares', 'final preliminary prospectus', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'Barclays Capital Inc.', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'final prospectus supplement', 'one ordinary share', 'additional 1,107,800 ordinary shares', 'Additional Ordinary Shares', 'customary closing conditions', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'Cellectis’ ordinary shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'aggregate net proceeds', 'The Global Offering', ""Cellectis' Global Offering"", 'offering price', 'capital increase', 'working capital', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Cellectis Inc.', 'Additional ADS', '520 Madison Avenue', 'offering expenses', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'initial closing', 'nominal value', 'total number', 'gross proceeds', 'underwriting commissions', 'planned use', 'collaboration agreements', 'government funding', 'research programs', 'potential borrowings', 'finance contract', 'exchange rate', '17th resolution', 'combined meeting', 'stabilization activities', 'stabilization period', 'Exchange Commission', '2nd Floor', 'press release', 'Special Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'safe harbor', 'Jefferies LLC', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flow', 'partial exercise', 'The ADSs', 'Form F-3', 'Cellectis’ operations', 'sec.gov', 'securities laws', 'Option exercise', '1,107,800 ADSs', 'Feb', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'way', 'right', 'underwriters', 'symbol', 'Paris', 'UCART', 'remainder', 'Story', 'payments', 'Q2', 'Bloomberg', 'pricing', 'January', 'discount', 'shareholders', 'June', 'announcement', 'July', 'means', 'website', 'Copies', 'Attention', 'telephone', 'email', 'Prospectus_Department', 'Edgewood', 'Barclaysprospectus', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'meaning']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-russian-regulatory-approval-070000285.html,VEON Announces Russian Regulatory Approval for Sale of Its Operations,Amsterdam  Netherlands  8 February 2023 08:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged...,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  Netherlands  8 February 2023 08:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that approval has been received from Russian regulatory bodies for the proposed sale of its Russian operations.Kaan Terzioğlu  CEO of VEON Group  said: “We believe the sale of our Russian business represents the optimal solution for VEON  its Russian operations  and all stakeholders  including customers  shareholders  creditors  and employees both in and outside of Russia. We are pleased to have reached this significant milestone in the transaction  which is expected to be accretive to equity  reduce VEON's debt  and improve its credit profile.”On February 7th  2023  the Sub-Commission of the Government Commission for Control over Foreign Investments in the Russian Federation issued its approval of the proposed sale of VEON’s Russian operations to certain senior members of the management of PJSC VimpelCom  led by its current CEO Alexander Torbakhov  subject to certain conditions.The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service has already authorized the transaction  and it is anticipated that the remaining closing conditions will be satisfied and that  as previously communicated  the transaction will complete on or before 1 June 2023.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Story continuesContact informationVEONGroup Communication Senior ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.15,0.63,True,English,"['Russian Regulatory Approval', 'VEON', 'Sale', 'Operations', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service', 'VEON Group Communication Senior Manager', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'TUVA Partners Managing Partner', 'Group Director Investor Relations', 'global digital operator', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian regulatory bodies', 'remaining closing conditions', 'senior members', 'Russian operations', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'optimal solution', 'significant milestone', 'credit profile', 'Government Commission', 'Foreign Investments', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'Alexander Torbakhov', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'requisite approvals', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'current CEO', '200 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'VEON Ltd', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'NASDAQ', 'sale', 'stakeholders', 'shareholders', 'creditors', 'employees', 'transaction', 'equity', 'debt', 'February', 'Sub-Commission', 'Control', 'management', '1 June', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'Elements', 'Story', '08']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-announces-mef-3-0-170000026.html,Ekinops Announces MEF 3.0 certification for Ethernet Product Family,Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and network access solutions  today announces that its entire ...,"PARIS  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and network access solutions  today announces that its entire Ethernet Access Device portfolio  supported by its unique OneOS6 network operating system  has been certified under the MEF 3.0 Carrier Ethernet compliance program of the Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF).Ekinops LogThis certification marks an important milestone in the validation of Ethernet related services supported by the OneOS6 network operating system  confirming its status as a uniquely consolidated system to support Layer 2 (L2)  Layer 3 (L3)  Voice  SD-WAN and Virtualized services.MEF 3.0 certification is now available for various 1647 and 1651 platforms  supporting E-Line  E-Lan  E-Tree  E-Access and E-Transit services. Depending on the platform  it is possible to use the same hardware platform to deliver L2  L3 or SD-WAN services  thus reducing the amount of equipment which must be validated and maintained for various services.""MEF certification is an important signal to the market that Ekinops' family of Ethernet Access Devices conforms to some of the highest standards in the telecoms industry."" said Sylvain Quartier  VP Marketing and Product Strategy for Access at Ekinops. ""Demonstrating that our devices are certified by independent and international standard bodies has never been more important. MEF 3.0 certification is a powerful hallmark that will instill confidence in our worldwide operator customer base.""With this MEF 3.0 certification  Ekinops demonstrates its commitment to provide top of the line products to its primary customers and worldwide operators. This move also addresses the need to reduce cost of ownership and time to market  while introducing new innovative services.An industry association of 200+ member companies  MEF's aim is to develop a global federation of network  cloud  and technology providers to establish dynamic  assured  and certified services that empower enterprise digital transformation. The engine powering this mission is the MEF 3.0 Global Services Framework which is based on four pillars of Services  LSO APIs  Community  and Certification.Story continuesFor more information about the Ekinops EAD portfolio  please visit https://www.ekinops.com/products-services/products/oneaccess/ethernet-access-devices/ead-fiber-10gFor more on MEF: https://www.mef.net/All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS Contact:Didier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestors:Mathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPress:Amaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-announces-mef-3-0-certification-for-ethernet-product-family-301740974.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Ethernet Product Family', 'MEF 3.0 certification', 'Ekinops', 'unique OneOS6 network operating system', 'MEF 3.0 Carrier Ethernet compliance program', 'entire Ethernet Access Device portfolio', 'worldwide operator customer base', 'MEF 3.0 Global Services Framework', 'network access solutions', 'Metro Ethernet Forum', 'optical transport systems', 'Ethernet related services', 'international standard bodies', '200+ member companies', 'enterprise digital transformation', 'Didier Brédy', 'Ethernet Access Devices', 'Ekinops EAD portfolio', 'new innovative services', 'same hardware platform', 'worldwide operators', 'global federation', 'Virtualized services', 'E-Transit services', 'certified services', 'leading supplier', 'important milestone', 'important signal', 'highest standards', 'telecoms industry', 'Sylvain Quartier', 'VP Marketing', 'Product Strategy', 'powerful hallmark', 'primary customers', 'industry association', 'technology providers', 'dynamic, assured', 'four pillars', 'LSO APIs', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'original content', 'MEF 3.0 certification', 'MEF certification', 'SD-WAN services', 'various services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ekinops Log', ""Ekinops' family"", 'press releases', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Press relation', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'line products', 'various 1647', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'validation', 'status', 'Layer 2', 'Voice', '1651 platforms', 'E-Line', 'E-Lan', 'E-Tree', 'E-Access', 'L3', 'amount', 'equipment', 'independent', 'confidence', 'commitment', 'move', 'need', 'cost', 'ownership', 'time', 'aim', 'cloud', 'engine', 'mission', 'Community', 'Story', 'information', 'fiber', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'Logo', 'Cision', 'ethernet-product-family', '33']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lectra-q4-full-2022-financial-170000698.html,LECTRA: Q4 and Full Year 2022 financial report available,Q4 and Full Year 2022 financial report available Paris  February 8  2023 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the...,LECTRAQ4 and Full Year 2022 financial report availableParis  February 8  2023 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations for the fourth quarter and the full year 2022 is available on the company's website: www.lectra.comIt is also available  upon request  at the company's headquarters 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris (email: investor.relations@lectra.com)About Lectra:As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit www.lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 financial report', 'LECTRA', 'Q4', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'Full Year 2022 financial report', 'marchés financiers', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'RCS Paris B', 'Financial Conditions', 'General Regulation', 'Management Discussion', 'fourth quarter', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '522 million euros', 'World Headquarters', '75016 Paris', 'LECTRA', 'Q4', 'February', 'shareholders', 'compliance', 'article', 'IV', 'des', 'Analysis', 'Results', 'Operations', 'company', 'website', 'request', 'investor', 'relations', 'fashion', 'boldness', 'group', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '2,500 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'LSS', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBVA-69719/news/BBVA-Euronext-Dublin-Market-Notice-42932169/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,BBVA : Euronext Dublin Market Notice,(marketscreener.com)      CORPORATE EVENT NOTICE:     Admission Notice          BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA  S.A.    ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BBVA-69719/news/BBVA-Euronext-Dublin-Market-Notice-42932169/?utm_med…,"CORPORATE EVENT NOTICE: Admission Notice BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA  S.A. LOCATION: Dublin DATE: 8th February 2023 MARKET: Euronext DublinADMISSION NOTICEEuronext Dublin approves the admission of the undermentioned securities to listing on the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA  S.A.Series 479 - Issue of €100 500 000 Euro Commercial Paper due 30th March 2023 XS2585965366Final TermsThis announcement has been issued through the Companies Announcement Service ofEuronext Dublin.The present notice and the contents thereof are only provided for information purposes in order to facilitate the fair  orderly and efficient functioning of the market and is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities. The contents of this notice are provided ""as is"" based on information provided to the market operator without representation or warranty of any kind. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this notice shall form the basis of any contract. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator.The Euronext Markets comprise the markets operated by Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Dublin  Euronext Lisbon  Euronext Paris and Euronext UK Markets  referred to respectively as the Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Paris and London markets  as relevant.Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is located at https://www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023 Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.17,0.81,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin Market Notice', 'BBVA', 'BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA', 'S.A. LOCATION', 'S.A. Series', '500,000 Euro Commercial Paper', 'Companies Announcement Service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'CORPORATE EVENT NOTICE', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Markets', 'Euronext UK Markets', 'London markets', '8th February', 'Official List', '30th March', 'fair, orderly', 'efficient functioning', 'investment activities', 'financial products', 'applicable rules', 'Dublin DATE', 'Admission Notice', 'present notice', 'Euronext Dublin', 'regulated market', 'market operator', 'Final Terms', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Euronext Paris', 'information purposes', 'securities', 'Issue', 'contents', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'basis', 'contract', 'creation', 'obligations', 'respect', 'exchanges', 'subsidiaries', 'Brussels', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'use']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-January-2023-42932697/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Euronext announces volumes for January 2023,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announces …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for January 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for January 2023.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end December', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'January', '8 February', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000647.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 8 February 2023  delivered 37 080 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €51.41). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 122 050. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0214%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301742312.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.19,0.51,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '37,080 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '8 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teco-2030-shell-partners-started-060000051.html,TECO 2030  Shell and Partners Have Started the EUR 5 million Project HyEkoTank,TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO)(OTCQX:TECFF)  (ISIN:NO0010887516) is pleased to announce that the HyEkoTank project which has been awarded a EUR 5 million grant under...,"LYSAKER  NORWAY / ACCESSWIRE / February 8  2023 / TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO)(OTCQX:TECFF)  (ISIN:NO0010887516) is pleased to announce that the HyEkoTank project which has been awarded a EUR 5 million grant under the European funding scheme HORIZON EUROPE has started  together with Shell and the other consortium partners.TECO 2030 ASA  Wednesday  February 8  2023  Press release picturePicture text: The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell Power Generator can be utilized to power and operate ships without emissions. The HyEkoTank project aims to demonstrate that the existing fleet can be retrofitted with a zero-emission system for propulsion and power generation.The project has started February 1st and is planned to last for 3 years  with the ultimate goal of eliminating emissions during voyage and in port. TECO 2030 aims to retrofit six 400 kW Fuel Cell Modules in a container solution  and demonstrate power supply for both propulsion and auxiliary loads using hydrogen with zero emissions as fuel.""I am excited to see the support from the European Union and Shell in realizing a retrofit project with the goal of demonstrating zero emission voyage and port operations. This is one of the largest marine fuel cell projects in the world that I am aware of  and we will do our best to prove that fuel cells are the name of the game in decarbonizing heavy-duty marine applications."" says Tore Enger  Group CEO TECO 2030.""Shell is proud to be a part of this fuel cell project  which aims to demonstrate the viability of hydrogen as a zero-carbon fuel for the maritime sector. Our target is to be a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050 and to accelerate this transition we are partnering with customers and businesses from across the sectors. Shell will purchase the fuel cell system and provide the renewable hydrogen to power this pioneering project as we continue to drive innovation to deliver the cleaner energy solutions that our customers need "" says Carl Henrickson  General Manager Technology  Innovation & Digitalisation  Shell Shipping and Maritime.Story continuesContact:Tore Enger  Group CEO  +47 920 83 800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout:TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.SOURCE: TECO 2030 ASAView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/738492/TECO-2030-Shell-and-Partners-Have-Started-the-EUR-5-million-Project-HyEkoTank",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 5 million Project HyEkoTank', 'TECO', 'Shell', 'Partners', 'The TECO 2030 Fuel Cell Power Generator', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'largest marine fuel cell projects', 'six 400 kW Fuel Cell Modules', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'first Giga production facility', 'net-zero emissions energy business', 'fuel cell system', 'heavy-duty marine applications', 'cleaner energy solutions', 'The HyEkoTank project', 'EUR 5 million grant', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'European funding scheme', 'Press release picture', 'other consortium partners', 'General Manager Technology', 'zero emission voyage', 'global shipping industry', 'fuel cells', 'zero-carbon fuel', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'power generation', 'power supply', 'renewable hydrogen', 'production capacity', 'Picture text', 'zero-emission system', 'European Union', 'heavy industry', 'retrofit project', 'pioneering project', 'existing fleet', 'container solution', 'auxiliary loads', 'Group CEO', 'Carl Henrickson', 'output capacity', 'zero-emission technology', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'TECO 2030 ASA', 'maritime sector', 'HORIZON EUROPE', 'ultimate goal', 'port operations', 'source version', 'Tore Enger', 'LYSAKER', 'NORWAY', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'February', 'Shell', 'Wednesday', 'ships', 'propulsion', '3 years', 'support', 'world', 'name', 'game', 'viability', 'target', 'transition', 'customers', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'innovation', 'Digitalisation', 'Story', 'Contact', 'Narvik', '120 MW', '400 MW', '1.6 GW', 'ticker', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'TECO2030', 'spinoff', 'services', 'information', 'EUR-5-million-Project-HyEkoTank', '2023', '2024']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2604257/0/en/JCDecaux-wins-a-10-year-exclusive-advertising-street-furniture-contract-in-Stavanger-Norway.html,JCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  Norway,JCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  Norway          Paris  8 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext...,English FrenchJCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  NorwayParis  8 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that its Norwegian subsidiary “JCDecaux Norge AS” has been awarded a 10-year contract for the advertising street furniture  including digital in Stavanger  which is the oil capital and the centre of the third largest urban area in Norway.JCDecaux has successfully worked in partnership with Stavanger for over 20 years  and the new contract  which will be effective from July 2023  will include the provision  installation  and maintenance of 150 bus shelters  10 automatic public toilets  and other equipment such as free-standing panels  interactive kiosks  litter bins  and benches.Trygve Peter Nilsen  Head of roads and traffic in the City of Stavanger  said: “JCDecaux has successfully operated this agreement for more than 20 years. They are innovative  self-driven  and they have an impressive focus on quality in products and maintenance operations. We are pleased to continue working with JCDecaux for this new contract.”Jean-Francois Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: “We are proud to continue our long-term partnership with Stavanger  where we started our Norwegian company from scratch in 1999. As part of the public procurement process  60% of the tender evaluation was based on non-financial criteria  including functionality  quality  and the sustainability of products and services  where JCDecaux was the best respondent. The introduction of digital will further strengthen our media proposal to both national and local advertisers and contribute to grow the market share of OOH media in Norway.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy) Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   Linkedin   Facebook   Instagram and Youtube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', 'JCDecaux', 'Stavanger', 'Norway', '10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', 'third largest urban area', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', '10 automatic public toilets', 'Trygve Peter Nilsen', 'Co-Chief Executive Officer', 'public procurement process', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'JCDecaux Norge AS', '10-year contract', 'new contract', 'Norwegian company', 'media proposal', 'OOH media', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'English French', 'Norwegian subsidiary', 'oil capital', '150 bus shelters', 'other equipment', 'free-standing panels', 'interactive kiosks', 'litter bins', 'impressive focus', 'Jean-Francois Decaux', 'tender evaluation', 'financial criteria', 'best respondent', 'local advertisers', 'market share', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'maintenance operations', 'long-term partnership', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', 'Stavanger', 'Norway', 'number', 'centre', '20 years', 'July', 'provision', 'installation', 'benches', 'Head', 'roads', 'traffic', 'City', 'agreement', 'quality', 'products', 'scratch', 'functionality', 'sustainability', 'services', 'introduction', 'digital', 'national', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', '1 st', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-successful-completion-060000069.html,Sequana Medical announces the successful completion of pre-clinical studies with its second-generation DSR product for congestive heart failure,PRESS RELEASE Data from GLPi animal studies demonstrate safety of second-generation DSRii product (DSR 2.0)Data from Phase 1 study of DSR 2.0 in Mexico...,"Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEData from GLP i animal studies demonstrate safety of second-generation DSR ii product (DSR 2.0)Data from Phase 1 stud y of DSR 2.0 in Mexico (CHIHUAHUA) and IND iii filing to US FDA expected in Q1 2023Planning to start MOJAVE  a US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023Ghent  Belgium – 08 February 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces the successful completion of its GLP animal studies  demonstrating the safety of its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0)  following chronic exposure. These animal data  together with the data from the Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA study  are intended to support the US IND filing of DSR 2.0. FDA approval of the US IND will enable the Company to start MOJAVE  its randomized  controlled  multi-center Phase 1/2a US study of DSR 2.0  planned for Q2 2023.The GLP studies were conducted on 30 healthy mice and 18 healthy sheep. Each animal study comprised of three study groups which included one control group using standard peritoneal dialysis (PD) solution and two test groups using Sequana Medical’s proprietary DSR 2.0 product. The test groups consisted of one group being given the anticipated maximum standard dose and one group being given double of the maximum dose. The mice were exposed for 30 days  resembling their average life time  and the sheep were exposed for up to 45 days.The purpose of these GLP studies was to evaluate the chronic exposure of DSR 2.0 on animal health and tissue of peritoneum  kidneys  omentum  and peritoneal cavity. Data from both studies reported that no difference in systemic and local toxic effects were observed in animals treated repeatedly with DSR 2.0  compared to animals in the control group  concluding that DSR 2.0 had consistent safety with the standard PD solution.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer at Sequana Medical  commented: “We are pleased to see these positive animal data of our second-generation DSR product  which is designed to deliver therapeutic and safety benefits over the first-generation DSR product. We have previously reported impressive clinical results from the SAHARA study with DSR 1.0 as a potential disease-modifying heart failure therapy  and we look forward to commencing MOJAVE  the first randomized controlled multi-center study in the US using DSR 2.0.”Story continuesOn track to start M OJAVE with DSR 2.0 in Q2 2023The Company is progressing the development of its proprietary DSR 2.0 product  a sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution expected to have an improved therapeutic and favourable safety profile  and robust intellectual property protection. Two ongoing Phase 1 interventional  single-centre  single-arm studies  one in Canada (YUKON) and one in Mexico (CHIHUAHUA)  are evaluating the safety  tolerability and efficacy of DSR 2.0 and are expected to each enroll up to ten stable peritoneal dialysis patients to receive a single treatment of DSR 2.0  administered through their peritoneal dialysis catheter. The choice of peritoneal dialysis patients is driven by their pre-existing peritoneal dialysis catheter. Data from the GLP animal and Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA studies are intended to support the filing of the US IND  planned for Q1 2023.Following several initial discussions with the FDA  MOJAVE  a randomized controlled Phase 1/2a US study of DSR 2.0  is on track to start in Q2 2023  assuming FDA approval of the US IND application. The intention is to enrol 30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion  with 20 patients randomized to DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of usual care for congestive heart failure (CHF) for up to four weeks and ten patients randomized to intravenous loop diuretic treatment as part of maximized usual care for CHF alone. Following four weeks of treatment  there will be a three-month safety follow-up period. Prior to enrolment of these 30 patients  the intention is for three additional patients to be enrolled in a non-randomized safety cohort and to receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of CHF usual care for up to four weeks. Progression to the enrolment of the 30 randomized patients will be dependent upon DSMBiv approval following their review of the initial three patients. More details on the final study design will be announced following the FDA approval of the US IND application. Interim data of MOJAVE are expected in H2 2023 followed by top-line results in H2 2024.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About fluid overload in heart failure (AKA congestion)Heart failure is the leading cause of US hospitalizations in patients over 65 years old and 90% of these admissions are due to fluid overload  which is recognized as the primary driver of morbidity and hospitalization. Standard of care includes treatment with diuretic drugs  but these have well-recognized toxicity and resistance issues. Half of the heart failure patients admitted for fluid overload are discharged with no clinically relevant loss of fluid and one in four is re-admitted to the hospital within 30 days of discharge. It is estimated that 200 000 of US heart failure patients have drug-resistant congestion requiring repeated hospitalization  severely impacting their survival and quality of life and creating a heavy financial burden.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.i GLP: Good Laboratory Practicesii DSR: Direct Sodium Removaliii IND: Investigational New Drugiv DSMB: Data and Safety Monitoring BoardAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,mixed,0.47,0.07,0.46,True,English,"['second-generation DSR product', 'congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'successful completion', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Two ongoing Phase 1 interventional, single-centre, single-arm studies', 'US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study', 'randomized, controlled, multi-center Phase 1/2a US study', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a US study', 'first randomized controlled multi-center study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution', 'potential disease-modifying heart failure therapy', 'ten stable peritoneal dialysis patients', '30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'robust intellectual property protection', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'intravenous loop diuretic treatment', 'existing peritoneal dialysis catheter', 'second-generation DSR ii product', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA study', 'final study design', 'two test groups', 'randomized safety cohort', 'three study groups', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA studies', 'standard peritoneal dialysis', 'congestive heart failure', 'average life time', 'local toxic effects', 'Oliver Gödje', 'several initial discussions', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'standard PD solution', 'US IND application', 'three additional patients', 'initial three patients', 'impressive clinical results', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'favourable safety profile', 'second-generation DSR product', 'maximum standard dose', 'US IND filing', 'proprietary DSR 2.0 product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'The GLP studies', '30 randomized patients', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'GLP animal studies', 'one control group', 'positive animal data', 'animal study', 'CHF usual care', 'SAHARA study', 'ten patients', 'PD) solution', 'peritoneal catheter', 'up to 45 days', 'US hospitalizations', 'US FDA', 'chronic exposure', 'maximum dose', 'peritoneal cavity', 'one group', 'top-line results', 'animal health', 'consistent safety', 'safety benefits', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'liver disease', 'successful completion', 'M OJAVE', 'single treatment', 'persistent congestion', 'four weeks', 'DSMBiv approval', 'More details', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'AKA congestion', 'leading cause', 'The Company', 'FDA approval', '30 healthy mice', '18 healthy sheep', 'improved therapeutic', 'Interim data', '20 patients', '30 patients', '30 days', 'Mexico', 'Q1', 'MOJAVE', 'Q2', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '08 February', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'purpose', 'tissue', 'peritoneum', 'kidneys', 'omentum', 'difference', 'systemic', 'animals', 'Story', 'track', 'development', 'Canada', 'YUKON', 'tolerability', 'efficacy', 'choice', 'intention', 'part', 'enrolment', 'Progression', 'review', 'H2', 'information']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-L-SARL-149848930/news/Lepermislibre-Lepermislibre-announces-the-success-of-its-IPO-on-the-Euronext-Growth-market-in-Pari-42933378/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Lepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris,(marketscreener.com) LepermislibreLepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris 08-Feb-2023 / 19:07 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is sole…,"LepermislibreLepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris08-Feb-2023 / 19:07 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth ® market in Parisand 1st driving school listed on the Euronext markets – – First IPO of the year 2023 in FranceCapital increase of approximately €8mMarket capitalisation of approximately €46mSettlement-delivery of the Firm Price Offer and the Global Placement scheduled for 10 February 2023Start of trading on Euronext Growth® Paris on 13 February 2023Lepermislibre - ISIN: FR0014000P11  ticker: ALLPL - (the “Company”)  the pioneer in online driving schools in France  announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® Paris market.Speaking about the successful IPO  Lucas Tournel and Romain Durand  co-founders of Lepermislibre  said: “We’re very pleased to announce the success of our IPO and would like to say a big thank you to all our new institutional and retail shareholders  as well as our existing shareholders  for their trust in us by contributing to the success of this IPO. We’d also like to thank all our employees  who strive every day to offer the best service to our instructors and candidates and transform the driving licence in the digitisation era. The funds raised provide us with the necessary resources to seize all the tremendous growth opportunities offered by a market worth over €2 billion per year in France  driven by a favourable regulatory framework.Today  we’re beginning a new chapter in the company’s history to achieve a strong ambition: to become the French leader in driving training.”The total gross proceeds of the issue amounted to approximately €8.0 million. Within this framework  2 075 620 new shares were issued  78% of which under the global placement (through orders from institutional investors  representing a demand of approximately €6.2 million) and 22% under the firm price offer (through 2 972 individual investors  representing a demand of approximately €1.8 million).At the end of the operation  Lepermislibre's capital is composed of 11 982 620 shares representing a market capitalization of €45.9 million  based on an IPO price of €3.83 per share. The free float represents 44.1% of the Company's capital.In accordance with the indicative timetable of the transaction  the settlement-delivery of the new shares is scheduled for 10 February 2023 and trading in Lepermislibre shares on the Euronext Growth® Paris market will begin on 13 February 2023 under the ISIN code FR001400F2Z1 and the ticker ALLPL.Eligibility of the securities for PEA equity savings plans  PEA-PME plans  income tax reduction and the provisions of Article 150-0 B ter of the French General Tax CodeLepermislibre confirms that it complies with the eligibility criteria for “PME-ETI” equity savings plans specified by the provisions of Articles L. 221-32-2 and D.221-113-5 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Lepermislibre shares can therefore be fully integrated into PEA plans and “PME-ETI” plans and benefit from the corresponding tax benefits.The Company also confirms that it complies with the eligibility criteria for income tax reduction of 25% in relation to investments in SMEs. Lepermislibre has been awarded the “Innovative Company” label by Bpifrance.The Company is eligible for the provisions of Article 150-0 B ter of the French General Tax Code  under which persons having sold securities tendered are allowed within three years of said tender to benefit from the continuation of the tax deferral in the event of a subscription in cash.A summary of the tax regime that may apply is described in the Transaction Memorandum (refer to section 4.1.9). The persons concerned are invited to consult their usual tax advisor about the taxation applicable to their particular case  in particular regarding the subscription  acquisition  holding and disposal of Lepermislibre shares.Implementation of a liquidity contract with TP ICAPThe Company has entered into a liquidity agreement with TP ICAP  in accordance with accepted practice under the regulations in force  which will take effect from 13 February 2023for a term of one year renewable by tacit renewal [1] .This liquidity contract was concluded in accordance with AMF decision no.2021-01 of 22 June 2021. It is compliant with the Association Française des Marchés Financiers (AMAFI) Code of Conduct.The following resources were allocated to the liquidity agreement for its implementation with TP ICAP:€200 000 in cashMAIN TERMS OF THE TRANSACTIONCHARACTERISTICS OF THE SHARESName: LepermislibreTicker: ALLPLISIN: FR001400F2Z1Listing market: Euronext Growth® ParisICB classification: 40201070 – Consumer Services: MiscLEI: 969500OK5F5HPCZXQD93OFFERING PRICEThe price of the Fixed Price Offer and the Global Placement is set at €3.83 per share.SIZE AND GROSS PROCEEDS OF THE OFFERING2 075 620 new shares were issued in the framework of the offer.The total gross proceeds of the issue amounts to €8.0 million.ALLOTMENT OF THE OFFERThe new shares will be allocated as follows:1 610 138 new shares  allocated as part of the Global Placement  for institutional investors  i.e. €6.2m and around 78% of the total number of shares issued;465 482 new shares  allocated as part of the Firm-Price Offer for private individual investors  i.e. €1.8m and around 22% of the total number of shares issued  showing a service rate for A1 orders (from 1 share to 250 shares included) and A2 orders (over 250 shares) of 100%.It is specified that the extension clause and the over-allotment option are not exercised.BREAKDOWN OF SHARE CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTS BEFORE AND AFTER THE OPERATIONThe share capital of Lepermislibre is broken down as follows:Before carrying out the operation:Current capital Fully diluted capitalShareholders Number of shares and voting rights % of capital and voting rights Number of shares and voting rights % of capital and voting rights Lucas Tournel 1 785 000 18 02% 2 100 500 17 41% Romain Durand 1 785 000 18 02% 2 100 500 17 41% Maje Invest 440 000 4 44% 457 921 3 80% PLG Invest 141 000 1 42% 231 253 1 92% IDS CO 35 000 0 35% 35 000 0 29% Sub-total board members 4 186 000 42 25% 4 925 174 40 82% Nextstage AM 705 000 7 12% 1 156 271 9 58% Eiffel IG 423 000 4 27% 693 762 5 75% Sub-total institutional investors 1 128 000 11 39% 1 850 033 15 33% Others 4 593 000 46 36% 5 290 850 43 85% Total 9 907 000 100 00% 12 066 057 100 00%After completion of the operation:Undiluted basis Diluted base Shareholders Shares Voting rights Shares Voting rights Quantity % Quantity % Quantity % Quantity % Lucas Tournel 1 785 000 14 90% 3 570 000 17 53% 2 100 500 14 85% 3 885 500 17 25% Romain Durand 1 785 000 14 90% 3 570 000 17 53% 2 100 500 14 85% 3 885 500 17 25% Maje Invest 440 000 3 67% 852 000 4 18% 457 921 3 24% 869 921 3 86% PLG Invest 141 000 1 18% 141 000 0 69% 231 253 1 64% 231 253 1 03% IDS CO 35 000 0 29% 35 000 0 17% 35 000 0 25% 35 000 0 16% Sub-total board members 4 186 000 34 93% 8 168 000 40 11% 4 925 174 34 83% 8 907 174 39 54% Nextstage AM 1 096 644 9 15% 1 096 644 5 38% 1 547 915 10 95% 1 547 915 6 87% Eiffel IG 1 415 167 11 81% 1 415 167 6 95% 1 685 929 11 92% 1 685 929 7 48% Sub-total institutional investors 2 511 811 20 96% 2 511 811 12 33% 3 233 844 22 87% 3 233 844 14 36% Public 5 284 809 44 10% 9 686 309 47 56% 5 982 659 42 31% 10 384 159 46 10% Total 11 982 620 100 00% 20 366 120 100 00% 14 141 677 100 00% 22 525 177 100 00%USE OF THE FUNDS RAISEDThe net proceeds of the capital increase  i.e. €6.9m will enable Lepermislibre to pursue the following objectives:approximately 60%: the continuation of the Company’s strategy of diversifying its offering;approximately 40%: achieve denser geographic coverage and the continued development of the network of partner instructors.LOCK-UP  RETENTION AND NON-EXERCISE COMMITMENTSCompany’s lock-up agreement: 180 calendar days.Retention commitment:Lucas Tournel and Romain Durand  together holding 29.79% of the Company's capital (on a non-diluted basis)  have pledged to hold their shares for a period of 360 calendar days;The remaining shareholders  together holding 70.21% of the Company's capital (on a non-diluted basis)  have pledged to hold their shares for a period of 180 calendar days .PROVISIONAL TIMETABLE10 February 2023 Settlement-Delivery of the new shares 13 February 2023 Start of trading on the Euronext Growth Paris marketAvailability of the ProspectusRisk factorsThe approval of the Prospectus should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the securities offered. Investors should be aware of the risk factors mentioned in Chapter 3 ""Risk Factors"" of the Registration Document and in Chapter 3 ""Market risk factors that may significantly affect the securities offered"" of the Transaction Memorandum.Financial intermediaries and advisersGlobal Coordinator  Lead Arranger and BookrunnerListing Sponsor Legal advice Statutory Auditor Statutory Auditor Financial CommunicationInformation on theIPO can be found at:LEPERMISLIBREinvest@lepermislibre.fr ACTIFIN  investor relations Alexandre Commerot/ Foucauld Charavay +33 (0) 7 57 81 46 80 lepermislibre@actifin.fr ACTIFIN  financial press relations Isabelle Dray +33 (0)6 63 93 08 15 idray@actifin.frABOUT LEPERMISLIBREFounded in Lyon in 2014  Lepermislibre is an online driving school at the forefront of the digitisation of the driving training market. Lepermislibre is reinventing driving lessons by providing a disruptive offering compared to traditional players  more aligned with the new habits and lifestyles of the digital native generation that grew up with the development of digital technology.The cornerstone of its service is that Lepermislibre brings together a community of more than 900 loyal [2]   committed and passionate instructors  all of whom are State-qualified  delivering daily driver training quality with nearly 240 000 lessons rated by candidates since the start of the company  leading to an overall average rate of 4.94/5 [3] .Its digital model  which is more agile  fully transparent and 30% less expensive than traditional driving schools  has enabled it to attract nearly 400 000 candidates already trained in the highway code or the B licence.With a user rating of nearly 5 stars on Trustpilot  the platform provides personal spaces to offer better learning methods and revisions to the Highway Code  as well as the ability to book driving lessons from over 500 towns and cities and at more than 1 480 meeting points throughout France  with the instructor of their choice  7 days a week  from 6 am to 11 pm  freeing students from time and place constraints.For more information about the company  visit www. lepermislibre.frFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain information contained in this press release are forward-looking statements  not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Lepermislibre. Lepermislibre operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. Lepermislibre draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which Lepermislibre operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition  even if Lepermislibre's financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this press release  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Lepermislibre's future results or developments. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Lepermislibre makes no undertaking to publish updates to this information or to the assumptions on which it is based  save for any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it  including pursuant to Regulation No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.DISCLAIMERThis press release and the information it contains are not an offer to sell or subscribe to  or a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe the shares of Lepermislibre in any country.This press release constitutes promotional material and is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). The approval of the prospectus by the AMF does not constitute a favourable opinion on Lepermislibre.This press release does not constitute and shall not be deemed to constitute a public offer  an offer to purchase or subscribe or to solicit the public interest in a transaction by way of a public offer.This press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale nor the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States of America. The shares or any other securities of Lepermislibre may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to a registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirement. Lepermislibre does not intend to register the offering in whole or in part in the United States or to make a public offer in the United States.In the United Kingdom  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) are investment professionals within the meaning of section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as currently in force  the ""Financial Promotion Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) are outside the United Kingdom or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the offer or sale of any securities may be lawfully communicated  directly or indirectly (all such persons being together referred to as the ""Authorized Persons""). This press release is addressed only to Authorized Persons and may not be used by any person other than an Authorized Person.Certain information contained in this press release are forward-looking statements  not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Lepermislibre. Lepermislibre operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. Lepermislibre draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results and cash flows and the development of the sector in which Lepermislibre operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if Lepermislibre's financial position  results  cash flows and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Lepermislibre's future results or developments. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Lepermislibre makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.The distribution of this press release may  in certain countries  be subject to specific regulations. Consequently  persons physically present in these countries and in which the press release is disseminated  published or distributed must inform themselves and comply with these laws and regulations.This press release shall not be published  distributed or disseminated  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada or Japan.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth® market', 'Lepermislibre', 'success', 'IPO', 'Paris', 'Association Française des Marchés Financiers', 'PEA equity savings plans', 'PME-ETI” equity savings plans', 'French General Tax Code', 'Euronext Growth® Paris market', 'tremendous growth opportunities', 'Euronext Growth® market', 'Euronext Growth ® market', 'French Regulatory News', 'income tax reduction', 'corresponding tax benefits', 'usual tax advisor', '1st driving school', 'online driving schools', 'Firm Price Offer', 'Fixed Price Offer', 'favourable regulatory framework', 'total gross proceeds', 'PEA plans', 'PME-ETI” plans', 'Euronext markets', 'French leader', 'French Monetary', 'tax deferral', 'tax regime', 'PEA-PME plans', 'Financial Code', 'AMAFI) Code', 'Market capitalisation', 'market capitalization', 'Listing market', 'driving licence', 'driving training', 'ISIN code', 'OFFERING PRICE', 'EQS Group', 'Global Placement', 'Lucas Tournel', 'Romain Durand', 'big thank', 'new institutional', 'retail shareholders', 'existing shareholders', 'best service', 'digitisation era', 'necessary resources', 'new chapter', 'strong ambition', 'institutional investors', '2,972 individual investors', 'free float', 'indicative timetable', 'three years', 'particular case', 'liquidity contract', 'TP ICAP', 'liquidity agreement', 'tacit renewal', 'AMF decision', 'following resources', 'MAIN TERMS', 'ICB classification', 'Consumer Services', '2,075,620 new shares', 'SHARES Name', 'IPO price', 'eligibility criteria', 'First IPO', 'successful IPO', 'Capital increase', 'Transaction Memorandum', 'one year', 'Innovative Company', 'Lepermislibre shares', 'ALLPL ISIN', 'Lepermislibre Ticker', 'The Company', '11,982,620 shares', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', 'Settlement-delivery', '10 February', 'Start', 'trading', '13 February', 'pioneer', 'founders', 'trust', 'employees', 'instructors', 'candidates', 'funds', 'history', 'orders', 'demand', 'operation', 'accordance', 'securities', 'provisions', 'Article', 'D.', 'relation', 'investments', 'SMEs', 'label', 'persons', 'tender', 'continuation', 'event', 'subscription', 'cash', 'summary', 'section', 'taxation', 'acquisition', 'holding', 'disposal', 'Implementation', 'practice', 'regulations', 'force', 'effect', '22 June', 'Conduct', 'CHARACTERISTICS', 'Misc', 'LEI', 'SIZE']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2603578/0/en/Cellectis-Announces-Closing-of-Global-Offering-and-Exercise-of-Underwriters-Option-to-Purchase-Additional-Shares.html,Cellectis Announces Closing of Global Offering and Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares,NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (“Cellectis” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies…,NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (“Cellectis” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today:the initial closing on February 7  2023 of the previously announced underwritten global offering by way of a capital increase of 8 800 000 American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”)  each representing the right to receive one ordinary share of Cellectis  nominal value €0.05 per share (the “Global Offering”)  which launched on February 2  2023; andthe exercise by the underwriters  Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc.  of their option (the “Option”) to purchase an additional 1 107 800 ordinary shares (the “Additional Ordinary Shares”) of the Company to be delivered in the form of an aggregate of 1 107 800 ADSs (the “Additional ADSs”).The Additional ADSs will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CLLS”  and the Company’s Additional Ordinary Shares will be listed on Euronext Growth in Paris under the symbol “ALCLS”. The closing of the Option is expected to occur on February 8  2023  subject to customary closing conditions.Following the Global Offering and Option exercise  the total number of ordinary shares issued in the form of ADSs amounts to 9 907 800  bringing the gross proceeds of the Global Offering and Option to the Company to approximately $24 769 500 (€22 695 162.18) and the aggregate net proceeds to the Company  after deducting underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses  to approximately $22 783 330 (€20 875 325.27).Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the Global Offering.The Company plans to use (i) approximately $17.0 million (€15.6 million) of the net proceeds of the Global Offering to fund the continued clinical development of UCART 123  UCART22  UCART20x22  and UCARTCS1  and (ii) any remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes.Based on the planned use of proceeds from the Global Offering and Option  Cellectis believes that its cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations (including payments it expects to receive pursuant to collaboration agreements and anticipated government funding of research programs  but excluding any potential borrowings under the Company’s finance contract with European Investment Bank) will be sufficient to fund Cellectis’ operations into Q2 2024.The offering price of $2.50 per Additional ADS  corresponding to an offering price of €2.29 per Additional Ordinary Share (based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0914 as published by Bloomberg on February 2  2023)  was equal to the volume weighted average price of Cellectis’ ordinary shares on Euronext Growth in Paris over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e.  January 31 and February 1 and 2  2023)  minus a discount of 20%  and was determined by Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis  which was approved at the combined meeting of the Company’s shareholders held on June 28  2022.The partial exercise of the Option is part of stabilization activities carried out since the announcement of Cellectis' Global Offering. The stabilization period is now closed.The ADSs and the Additional ADSs are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-265826) relating to the securities to be issued in the Global Offering (including the Option)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on June 24  2022 and subsequently declared effective on July 7  2022.The Global Offering and the Option were made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and a final preliminary prospectus relating to the Global Offering and the Option were filed with the SEC on February 2  2023 and are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10022 or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; or Barclays Capital Inc.  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  or by telephone (888) 603-5847 or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Cellectis’ intended use of proceeds from the Global Offering and the Option and projected cash runway. Words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “expects ” “intends ” “projects ” “anticipates ” and  “future” or ” “can ” “could ”  “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ”  “scheduled ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  such as: market conditions  including the trading price and volatility of Cellectis’ ADSs and ordinary shares  and risks related to Cellectis’ business and financial performance. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Cellectis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Cellectis assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares or ADSs in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)) and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) in accordance with Articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D. 411-4 and D. 744-1  D. 754-1 and D. 764-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member State.This document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.MIFID II product governance / Retail investors  professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the new shares has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the new shares is retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/UE  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the new shares to retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the new shares (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the new shares (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt  even if the target market includes retail investors  the manufacturers have decided that the new shares will be offered  as part of the initial offering  only to eligible counterparties and professional clients.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Global Offering', 'Underwriters’ Option', 'Additional Shares', 'Cellectis', 'Closing', 'Exercise', 'other general corporate purposes', 'last three trading sessions', 'Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'joint book-running managers', 'continued clinical development', 'European Investment Bank', 'safe harbor” provisions', '8,800,000 American Depositary Shares', 'Barclays Capital Inc.', 'final preliminary prospectus', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'final prospectus supplement', 'one ordinary share', 'additional 1,107,800 ordinary shares', 'Additional Ordinary Shares', 'customary closing conditions', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'Cellectis’ ordinary shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'The Global Offering', 'aggregate net proceeds', ""Cellectis' Global Offering"", 'capital increase', 'working capital', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Additional ADS', '520 Madison Avenue', 'offering expenses', 'offering price', 'The ADSs', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'initial closing', 'nominal value', 'total number', 'gross proceeds', 'underwriting commissions', 'planned use', 'collaboration agreements', 'government funding', 'research programs', 'potential borrowings', 'finance contract', 'exchange rate', 'average price', '17th resolution', 'combined meeting', 'stabilization activities', 'stabilization period', 'Exchange Commission', '2nd Floor', 'press release', 'Special Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Private Securiti', 'Jefferies LLC', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flow', 'partial exercise', 'Form F-3', 'Cellectis’ operations', 'sec.gov', 'securities laws', 'Option exercise', '1,107,800 ADSs', 'Feb.', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'February', 'way', 'right', 'underwriters', 'symbol', 'Paris', 'UCART', 'remainder', 'payments', 'Q2', 'Bloomberg', 'volume', 'pricing', 'January', 'discount', 'shareholders', 'June', 'announcement', 'July', 'means', 'website', 'Copies', 'Attention', 'telephone', 'email', 'Prospectus_Department', 'Edgewood', 'Barclaysprospectus', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'meaning']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000178.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1769 £ 23.9362 Estimated MTD return -0.38 % -0.37 % Estimated YTD return -2.13 % -2.01 % Estimated ITD return 171.77 % 139.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.05 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.2214 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.7110The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meala-foodtech-secures-us-1-120000337.html,Meala FoodTech Secures US$1.9M in Pre-Seed Round,Start-up Meala FoodTech  Ltd.  the developer of a functional protein platform  announces the close of USD1.9M in pre-seed investment. The round was led by...,"functional protein platform developer on mission to clean labels  improve plant-based foodsHAIFA  Israel   Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Start-up Meala FoodTech  Ltd.  the developer of a functional protein platform  announces the close of USD1.9M in pre-seed investment. The round was led by The Kitchen FoodTech Hub  part of The Strauss-Group and DSM Venturing (the corporate venture arm of the Dutch multinational Royal DSM); with participation of Milk & Honey Ventures  specializing in alt-protein investments DSM Venturing's contribution marks its third investment in the Israeli FoodTech ecosystem in 2022.Meala FoodTech founders  from right to left: Liran Gruda  Hadar Ekhoiz Razmovich  Dr. Tali Feldman SivanWhile the plant-based category continues to gain momentum  alt-protein food formulators still struggle to improve the labels and mouthfeel of their products to match traditional  animal-based counterparts. Currently  popular meat alternatives such as veggie burgers and sausages  typically contain a long list of ingredients  some with complex chemical names unfamiliar to consumers.Meala FoodTech is on a mission to revolutionize the plant-based protein industry by developing new ingredients and processes that allow the creation of cleaner  better-for-you  products.Meala's multi-functional proteins vastly improve the texture of meat alternatives to more compellingly mimic the organoleptic qualities of real meat and deliver a more full-bodied flavor. Meala's proprietary platform creates functional proteins designed to be used as binding and gelling agents thanks to their superior water retention capabilities. The platform enables formulators to boost meat analogues with better nutritional value and functional properties using a short list of ingredients as in real meat.""We are excited to complete this investment round with the support of leading investors "" notes Hadar Razmovich  CEO and Meala co-founder. ""This achievement reflects the investors' trust in our technology and R&D team of experts. ""There is a significant need in the plant-based industry to effectively reduce undesirable ingredients and clean up labels. This investment will help us get closer and faster to the market  better address the companies' specific needs and provide affordable  smarter solutions.""Story continues""It is exciting to support Meala on this important mission to improve plant-based foods  making them tastier  more nutritious  and with readily recognizable ingredients "" expresses Jonathan Berger  CEO of The Kitchen FoodTech Hub. ""This is another milestone in our quest to nourish a better tomorrow  and we are honored to have a leading entity such as DSM Venturing co-invest with us in such a promising company.""The new funding will initially go toward continuing the development of the company's platform technology and accelerate from lab to pilot scale. The start-up's core technology enables the development of functional proteins for multiple meat replacements  including burgers  sausages  nuggets with egg and fish alternatives in development.""This investment will enable us to accelerate our growth and support plant-based producers in their mission to reach new consumer segments "" states Dr. Tali Feldman Sivan  PhD  co-founder of Meala. ""We already initiated collaborations with leading plant-based CPG manufacturers to implement Meala's solution in their products. We are on track to launch products in the US and European markets in 2024.""Meala's vision for plant-based alternatives is to have a short list of simple  recognizable ""home kitchen"" ingredients while delivering the same full-bodied flavor and texture of real meat. The platform works with a versatile range of plant proteins. The Meala solution can be easily integrated into CPG products through existing manufacturing lines.About MealaMeala was founded in 2021 by product innovation specialist Hadar Ekhoiz Razmovich; Tali Feldman Sivan  PhD  a serial entrepreneur and business strategist; and Liran Gruda  CIO and culinary chef. After delving into the meat alternative category in depth  the trio joined forces on a mission to bridge the gap between processed vegan products currently available  and the perception that plant-based products are better for you  and to break down the last barriers between meat and meat analogs.About DSM VenturingDSM Venturing is the corporate venture arm of Royal DSM –a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals  and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental  and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.About The Kitchen HubThe Kitchen FoodTech Hub is an incubator and a seed investor  addressing global food challenges. It nurtures promising FoodTech ventures showing potential to disrupt the global food system- making it more productive  affordable  sustainable  and healthier. The Strauss Group founded the Kitchen FoodTech Hub in 2015 in cooperation with the Israeli Innovation Authority. So far The Kitchen's 22 portfolio companies have raised more than $280M which has served to assist them in developing their technology and products and boost their global activity.For more information  contact:Company Contact: Press Contact: Meala FoodTech Ltd. NutriPR Ms. Hadar Razmovich  CEO and co-founder Liat SimhaTel: +972-9-9742893 E-mail: Info@mealafood.com E-mail: liat@nutripr.com www.mealafood.com Website: www.nutripr.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/meala-foodtech Twitter: @LiatSimhaPhoto: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1998419/Meala_Co_Founders.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/meala-foodtech-secures-us1-9m-in-pre-seed-round-301741820.htmlSOURCE Meala FoodTech",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.16,0.2,True,English,"['Meala FoodTech', 'Pre-Seed Round', 'simple, recognizable ""home kitchen"" ingredients', 'superior water retention capabilities', 'Dr. Tali Feldman Sivan', 'The Kitchen FoodTech Hub', 'Dutch multinational Royal DSM', 'leading plant-based CPG manufacturers', 'The Kitchen Hub', 'functional protein platform developer', 'Israeli FoodTech ecosystem', 'corporate venture arm', 'traditional, animal-based counterparts', 'complex chemical names', 'R&D team', 'existing manufacturing lines', 'product innovation specialist', 'global food challenges', 'new consumer segments', 'Hadar Ekhoiz Razmovich', 'promising FoodTech ventures', 'multiple meat replacements', 'plant-based protein industry', 'affordable, smarter solutions', 'same full-bodied flavor', 'Meala FoodTech founders', 'global, purpose-led company', 'meat alternative category', 'alt-protein food formulators', 'popular meat alternatives', 'The Meala solution', 'Start-up Meala FoodTech', 'recognizable ingredients', 'The Strauss-Group', 'Hadar Razmovich', 'plant-based category', 'plant-based industry', 'leading investors', 'leading entity', 'functional proteins', 'functional properties', 'plant-based alternatives', 'Honey Ventures', 'alt-protein investments', 'new ingredients', 'biggest challenges', 'CPG products', 'plant-based foods', 'new funding', 'plant-based producers', 'promising company', 'fish alternatives', 'real meat', 'meat analogues', 'meat analogs', 'proprietary platform', 'undesirable ingredients', 'DSM Venturing', 'Liran Gruda', 'veggie burgers', 'long list', 'organoleptic qualities', 'gelling agents', 'nutritional value', 'short list', ""investors' trust"", 'significant need', 'specific needs', 'Jonathan Berger', 'pilot scale', 'European markets', 'versatile range', 'plant proteins', 'serial entrepreneur', 'business strategist', 'culinary chef', 'last barriers', 'brighter lives', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'seed investor', 'platform technology', 'plant-based products', 'core technology', 'pre-seed investment', 'third investment', 'Meala Meala', 'vegan products', 'clean labels', 'important mission', 'investment round', 'HAIFA', 'close', 'USD', 'participation', 'Milk', 'contribution', 'left', 'mouthfeel', 'sausages', 'consumers', 'processes', 'creation', 'cleaner', 'texture', 'binding', 'support', 'CEO', 'achievement', 'experts', 'companies', 'Story', 'milestone', 'quest', 'tomorrow', 'development', 'nuggets', 'growth', 'PhD', 'collaborations', 'track', 'vision', 'depth', 'trio', 'forces', 'gap', 'perception', 'Health', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'incubator', 'potential']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000357.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1769 £ 23.9362 Estimated MTD return -0.38 % -0.37 % Estimated YTD return -2.13 % -2.01 % Estimated ITD return 171.77 % 139.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.05 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.2214 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.7110The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
17991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEURONES-5213/news/NEURONES-14-2-organic-growth-in-2022-42932654/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,NEURONES: 14.2% organic growth in 2022,(marketscreener.com) Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-caps www.neurones.net Press Relations:O'ConnectionValérie HackenheimerTel.: +33 6 12 80 35 20vhackenheimer@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEUR…,PRESS RELEASEHeading: 2022 annual revenues Nanterre  8 February 2023 (after trading)14.2% organic growth in 2022(not audited  in millions of euros) 2021 2022 growth of which organic Revenues 579.9 665.4 + 14.7% + 14.2%AchievementsThe 2022 revenues came to €665.4m (up 14.7%)  topping the latest forecasts after gathering pace in the latter part of the year (+ 17.3% in the 4th quarter).The Consulting and Applications segments are driving growth  in particular digital and data-centered projects. Moreover  the most buoyant businesses are migration to the various cloud architectures  enhancement of the work environment and the “employee experience”  and cybersecurity.At €72.9 million *  operating profit also rose sharply (up 18.4%  following an 18.7% increase the previous year). In percentage terms  it reached a record level of 11% of revenues.The group's growth was primarily driven by a net recruitment of more than 500 people  and increased use of subcontractors.The full final annual results will be published on Wednesday  March 8  2023 after the closing of the stock exchange.OutlookFor 2023  the Group will benefit from significant embedded growth. As usual  the forecasts for 2023 will be posted along with the Group's 1st quarter revenues.* currently being audited.About NEURONESWith 6 500 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in management consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment B - NRO) - Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-capswww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionValérie HackenheimerTel.: +33 (0)6 12 80 35 20vhackenheimer@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.net Investor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['14.2% organic growth', 'NEURONES', '2022', 'full final annual results', 'various cloud architectures', 'Valérie Hackenheimer', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'significant embedded growth', '1st quarter revenues', '2022 annual revenues', '4th quarter', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'latter part', 'The Consulting', 'Applications segments', 'data-centered projects', 'buoyant businesses', 'work environment', 'employee experience', 'operating profit', 'percentage terms', 'record level', 'net recruitment', 'stock exchange', 'management consulting', 'large companies', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment B', 'DSS mid-caps', 'Press Relations', ""O'Connection"", 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'organic Revenues', 'digital services', 'digital projects', '14.2% organic growth', 'latest forecasts', 'previous year', '2022 revenues', '2022 growth', 'Nanterre', 'February', 'trading', 'millions', 'euros', 'Achievements', 'pace', 'migration', 'enhancement', 'cybersecurity', 'group', '500 people', 'subcontractors', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'closing', 'Outlook', 'NEURONES', '6,500 experts', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'Tel.', 'vhackenheimer', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Record-year-for-Euroclear-as-sanction-hit-Russian-cashpile-balloons-42927796/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons,(marketscreener.com) Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clien…,"LONDON  Feb 8 (Reuters) - Europe's unprecedented moves to sever financial ties with Moscow following Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped Euroclear post a record year on Wednesday  but also left the securities settlement house facing lawsuits from disgruntled clients.The European Union ordered Belgium-based Euroclear  a core part of the global financial system's critical plumbing  to cut ties with Russian customers in February last year.That led to a loss of income for Euroclear that was more than offset by interest on Russian cash from blocked coupon payments on bonds and redemptions  building up on its balance sheet at a time of rising interest rates.Due to Western sanctions  Euroclear's balance sheet rose by 99 billion euros ($106.37 billion) to 124 billion euros in 2022  with interest on the Russian cash alone totalling 821 million euros.""Future earnings linked to the sanctions will continue to depend on the prevailing interest rate environment and the evolution of the sanctions "" Euroclear said in a statement.""The Board expects interest income to continue to grow as blocked payments and redemptions continue to accumulate  albeit at a slower pace during 2023.""It said various counterparties from Russia have turned to the courts in Russia and the European Union to challenge Euroclear in a bid to recover frozen payments.In case these lawsuits have any material impact  the company said it had decided to separate the sanction-related earnings from the underlying financial results when assessing the companys performance and resources.The unexpected profit from sanctions will be managed prudently and not be distributed to shareholders ""until the situation becomes clearer""  Euroclear said.Euroclear is owned by shareholders such as JP Morgan  Societe Generale  HSBC  Morgan Stanley  Sumitomo  London Stock Exchange Group and Euronext  with the top 20 owning 80% of the company.Settlement refers to the final leg of a stock or bond trade  along with the safekeeping of customer assets  which totalled 35.6 trillion euros in 2022.Total operating income grew by 21% to 1.95 billion euros in 2022  when earnings per share rose 30% to 191.7 euros  with a proposed dividend of 115.5 euros per share  up 31%.Excluding the impact of the Russian sanctions  adjusted net profit rose by 32% to 603 million euros as the company diversifies through acquisitions into new areas like funds distribution.($1 = 0.9308 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Bernadette Baum)",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Russian cashpile balloons', 'Record year', 'Euroclear', 'prevailing interest rate environment', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'global financial system', 'underlying financial results', 'rising interest rates', 'securities settlement house', 'Total operating income', 'The European Union', 'interest income', 'financial ties', 'unprecedented moves', 'record year', 'disgruntled clients', 'core part', 'critical plumbing', 'Russian customers', 'Russian cash', 'balance sheet', 'slower pace', 'various counterparties', 'unexpected profit', 'JP Morgan', 'Societe Generale', 'Morgan Stanley', 'final leg', 'bond trade', 'customer assets', 'net profit', 'new areas', 'funds distribution', 'Huw Jones', 'Bernadette Baum', 'coupon payments', '99 billion euros', '124 billion euros', '821 million euros', 'Future earnings', 'frozen payments', 'sanction-related earnings', '35.6 trillion euros', '1.95 billion euros', '603 million euros', 'material impact', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian sanctions', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', '191.7 euros', '115.5 euros', '0.9308 euros', 'Reuters', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Wednesday', 'lawsuits', 'February', 'loss', 'bonds', 'redemptions', 'time', 'evolution', 'statement', 'Board', 'courts', 'bid', 'case', 'company', 'performance', 'resources', 'shareholders', 'situation', 'HSBC', 'Sumitomo', 'Euronext', 'top', 'safekeeping', 'acquisitions', 'Editing', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-wins-a-10-year-exclusive-advertising-street-furniture-contract-in-Stavanger-Norway-42932648/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,JCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  Norway,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  Norway Paris  8 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that its Norwegian subsidiary “JCDec…,JCDecaux wins a 10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract in Stavanger  NorwayParis  8 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that its Norwegian subsidiary “JCDecaux Norge AS” has been awarded a 10-year contract for the advertising street furniture  including digital in Stavanger  which is the oil capital and the centre of the third largest urban area in Norway.JCDecaux has successfully worked in partnership with Stavanger for over 20 years  and the new contract  which will be effective from July 2023  will include the provision  installation  and maintenance of 150 bus shelters  10 automatic public toilets  and other equipment such as free-standing panels  interactive kiosks  litter bins  and benches.Trygve Peter Nilsen  Head of roads and traffic in the City of Stavanger  said: “JCDecaux has successfully operated this agreement for more than 20 years. They are innovative  self-driven  and they have an impressive focus on quality in products and maintenance operations. We are pleased to continue working with JCDecaux for this new contract.”Jean-Francois Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: “We are proud to continue our long-term partnership with Stavanger  where we started our Norwegian company from scratch in 1999. As part of the public procurement process  60% of the tender evaluation was based on non-financial criteria  including functionality  quality  and the sustainability of products and services  where JCDecaux was the best respondent. The introduction of digital will further strengthen our media proposal to both national and local advertisers and contribute to grow the market share of OOH media in Norway.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy) Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   Linkedin   Facebook   Instagram and Youtube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', 'JCDecaux', 'Stavanger', 'Norway', '10-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', 'third largest urban area', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', '10 automatic public toilets', 'Trygve Peter Nilsen', 'Co-Chief Executive Officer', 'public procurement process', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'JCDecaux Norge AS', '10-year contract', 'new contract', 'Norwegian company', 'media proposal', 'OOH media', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'Norwegian subsidiary', 'oil capital', '150 bus shelters', 'other equipment', 'free-standing panels', 'interactive kiosks', 'litter bins', 'impressive focus', 'Jean-Francois Decaux', 'tender evaluation', 'financial criteria', 'best respondent', 'local advertisers', 'market share', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'maintenance operations', 'long-term partnership', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', 'Stavanger', 'Norway', 'number', 'centre', '20 years', 'July', 'provision', 'installation', 'benches', 'Head', 'roads', 'traffic', 'City', 'agreement', 'innovative', 'quality', 'products', 'scratch', 'functionality', 'sustainability', 'services', 'introduction', 'digital', 'national', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', '1 st', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-Relevant-transaction-42933053/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI- Relevant transaction,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  8 February 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse   Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rul…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  8 February 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rules and concordant provisions  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the following:RELEVANT INFORMATIONWe are pleased to announce that the Company has begun the year with some real estate operations:On 24 th of January 2023  the Company sold the first real estate asset  located in the municipality of Tembleque in the province of Toledo - Castilla la Mancha for 49.300 euros.. This sale has reported to the Company an unleveraged IRR of 22 % and proceeded to cancel the relevant bank debt.This transaction  is the beginning of the organic asset rotation strategy and means a milestone in the Business Plan of the Company pursuing the profitability goals for their investors.Furthermore  this first sale is aligned with the Company's commitment to affordable rentals  combined with the idea of offering for its tenants the possibility of having access to the ownership  providing higher capital gains for the investors.Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.15,0.5,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'SOCIMI- Relevant transaction', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'organic asset rotation strategy', 'first real estate asset', 'real estate operations', 'Castilla la Mancha', 'higher capital gains', 'relevant bank debt', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'first sale', 'European Parliament', 'concordant provisions', 'ongoing obligations', 'unleveraged IRR', 'Business Plan', 'profitability goals', 'affordable rentals', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', 'Madrid', '8 February', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Rules', 'companies', 'Company', 'year', '24 th', 'January', 'municipality', 'Tembleque', 'province', 'Toledo', '49.300 euros', 'transaction', 'beginning', 'milestone', 'investors', 'commitment', 'idea', 'tenants', 'possibility', 'access', 'ownership', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel', '34']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-42933059/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   08.02.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV pro…,08.02.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 30 January 2023 until and including 7 February 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 30/01/2023 922 31 52 31 50 31 55 31/01/2023 966 31 16 31 05 31 20 01/02/2023 690 31 26 31 20 31 30 02/02/2023 1.061 31 55 31 50 31 55 03/02/2023 1 31 60 31 60 31 60 06/02/2023 335 31 78 31 75 31 80 07/02/2023 1.086 31 77 31 75 31 80Total number of shares = 5.061. Average price = 31 49 €/share. Total amount = 159.384 15 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 11 December 2019 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 7 February 2023  357.278 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 2 7 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '2,7 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '30 January', '7 February', 'authorization', '11 December', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '357.278', '32']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17996,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2604258/0/en/NEURONES-14-2-organic-growth-in-2022.html,NEURONES: 14.2% organic growth in 2022,PRESS RELEASEHeading: 2022 annual revenues        Nanterre  8 February 2023 (after trading)  14.2% organic growth in 2022 (not audited  in millions of......,English FrenchPRESS RELEASEHeading: 2022 annual revenues Nanterre  8 February 2023 (after trading)14.2% organic growth in 2022(not audited  in millions of euros) 2021 2022 growth of which organic Revenues 579.9 665.4 + 14.7% + 14.2%AchievementsThe 2022 revenues came to €665.4m (up 14.7%)  topping the latest forecasts after gathering pace in the latter part of the year (+ 17.3% in the 4th quarter).The Consulting and Applications segments are driving growth  in particular digital and data-centered projects. Moreover  the most buoyant businesses are migration to the various cloud architectures  enhancement of the work environment and the “employee experience”  and cybersecurity.At €72.9 million *  operating profit also rose sharply (up 18.4%  following an 18.7% increase the previous year). In percentage terms  it reached a record level of 11% of revenues.The group's growth was primarily driven by a net recruitment of more than 500 people  and increased use of subcontractors.The full final annual results will be published on Wednesday  March 8  2023 after the closing of the stock exchange.OutlookFor 2023  the Group will benefit from significant embedded growth. As usual  the forecasts for 2023 will be posted along with the Group's 1st quarter revenues.* currently being audited.About NEURONESWith 6 500 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in management consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment B - NRO) - Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-capswww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionValérie HackenheimerTel.: +33 (0)6 12 80 35 20vhackenheimer@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.net Investor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['14.2% organic growth', 'NEURONES', '2022', 'full final annual results', 'various cloud architectures', 'Valérie Hackenheimer', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'PRESS RELEASE Heading', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'significant embedded growth', '1st quarter revenues', '2022 annual revenues', '4th quarter', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Relations', 'English French', 'latter part', 'The Consulting', 'Applications segments', 'data-centered projects', 'buoyant businesses', 'work environment', 'employee experience', 'operating profit', 'percentage terms', 'record level', 'net recruitment', 'stock exchange', 'management consulting', 'large companies', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment B', 'DSS mid-caps', ""O'Connection"", 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', 'organic Revenues', 'digital services', 'digital projects', '14.2% organic growth', 'latest forecasts', 'previous year', '2022 revenues', '2022 growth', 'Nanterre', 'trading', 'millions', 'euros', 'Achievements', 'pace', 'migration', 'enhancement', 'cybersecurity', 'group', '500 people', 'subcontractors', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'closing', 'Outlook', 'NEURONES', '6,500 experts', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'Tel.', 'vhackenheimer', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '2023']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
17997,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4576365-cme-group-owning-the-house-is-not-cheap,CME Group Stock: Owning The House Is Not Cheap (NASDAQ:CME),CME Group primarily operates future and options markets across several products. It has grown consistently due to greater volume in financial markets. Read more here.,"R.M. NunesCompany overview:CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME) operates markets for the trading of futures and options on contracts worldwide.CME's product offerings include:Futures and options - They offer futures and options products linked to interest rates  equity futures  foreign exchange  agric. commodities  energy  and metals  as well as fixed income products.Clearing services - This involves clearing  settling  and guaranteeing futures and options contracts  and cleared swaps products traded through its exchanges.Market data - This includes real-time and historical data services.CME's revenue split is heavily weighted towards future and options  as this is their primary operations. Interest rates are the largest derivative traded  given their importance in global markets as a hedging / liquidity tool. This is generally a sticky service for this reason  with a great amount of the trading stemming from SOFR (And other LIBOR successors) and U.S. treasuries.CME revenue breakdown (Q3 investor pack)Investors who have owned CME Group Inc. for any extend period of time have been handsomely rewarded  with continued and sustained gains into 2022. With the business essentially being the ""market"" (or at least a part of it)  this is a reflection of greater market and corporate activity over time.Data by YChartsAn interest factor to consider with CME is that they make their money from trades  which means the business has the potential to be a great hedge as markets decline. The reason for this is that volatility generally increases  which means more trading. This is what initially sparked our interest and will be an important part of this analysis. We will look to consider the quality of the business' current and forecast financial performance  alongside our view of current market conditions and any other factors impacting the exchange industry. Finally  we will look at CME's relative performance against its peers  to assess if it is an attractive investment today.Financials:CME - Financial performance (Tikr Terminal)CME's financial performance has been very strong across the last ten-years  with total revenue growing at a CAGR of 5%. The primary driving factor for this is greater average daily volume over the period. Interest rate and equity indexes are the primary growth area.Avg. daily volume by product type (Annual accounts)Our only concern is that their rate per contract (RPC) has been gradually falling in recent quarters. Management attributes this to a change in product mix and it could act as a drag on revenue should it continue. It has yet to be seen if this will continue or not.Market data revenue is up 6% on the prior year's quarter  as CME has been able to increase pricing. Although this revenue stream is far less significant  it is positive to see inflationary pressures are not impacting margins here.CME's income from ""other"" sources has increased substantially  especially investment income. They are now 29% of revenue. This is driven in large part by strategic investments in businesses  earning dividends and (un)realized gains. Although this is great  it is non-trading and in many cases  one-off in nature  thus has the ability to distort net income.Long term investments disclosure (1/2) (2021 FS) Long term investments disclosure (2/2) (2021 FS)Margins are very impressive and translate straight into free cash flow (""FCF""). In the LTM period  FCF yield stands at an eye-watering 42%. Management's policy is to pay a normal dividend  alongside a special dividend to the extent that all unrequired cash is distributed. Thus  investors are rewarded by both dividends and capital appreciation.Dividend declared (Q3 Investor pack)ROE is an attractive 10%  with much of their equity value now represented by intangibles. This is not a concern as the business does not require a significant asset base as part of its operations.The business is moderately leveraged with any debt issued repaid when possible. This gives the business scope for M&A / greenfield expansion should the opportunity arise. We like that the business has not been tempted into funding large dividend payments with debt  which many mature businesses like to do. With debt at 0.5x EBITDA  there is no real reason to reduce this further and with little in the way of capex commitments  dividends are an appropriate use of capital.Looking forward  2022 is likely to come at around $5BN in revenue  which representing 7% growth Y/Y. Markets have been fairly volatile during 2022  contributing to greater ADV. Beyond this  we believe the business can continue to grow at 3-5% indefinitely  with margins remaining consistent. The business is a market leader in the options/futures space and the barriers to entry are very high. CME can likely maintain this growth with just their current suite of products due to their importance to investors. Analyst forecasts support these assumptions.Analyst estimates (Tikr Terminal)Product innovation:As we mentioned previously  CME could easily continue its current offerings only and be highly successful. However  no sane Management would and so the business is looking to expand and develop its product offering. This includes:Development to e-mini weekly optionsGreater e-mini sector coverageEther options and Euro-denominated Bitcoin and Ether futuresEuro short-term rateTBA MBSsEvent contracts.These cover all forms of development  from incremental improvements such as the e-mini contacts to new products such as Event contracts. This allows CME to maintain its market leading status product wise  while also looking to find solutions for current problems.Mortgage and interest rates have increased significantly in 2022 and Cryptocurrencies have reached new peaks in popularity. CME expanding their offerings in these areas is a great way to align their products with areas of importance in today's market.Event contracts are more streamlined ways of accessing key futures markets globally. CME has seen strong engagement with these contracts and are attracting investors who otherwise would not use futures. This is an opportunity to increase their total addressable market and target new audiences.Macro considerations:Inflationary pressure had caused economic conditions to reverse in late 2021 / early 2022. Interest rates began to be lifted following a decade of record low levels. This was initiated in order to cool demand and ease inflation. A large portion of this inflation is derived from energy prices  which is a market materially disrupted by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. For this reason  interest rates have been slow to dampening inflation. With inflation >5% in most western nations  it is likely that rates will continue to rise  with a normalization to sustainable levels in early 2024. The 10-year / 3-month yield curve inverted in Nov22 and remains so. At these levels  a recession is looks likely.10Y/3M YC (FRED)With the cost of capital increasing  valuations have contracted. Further  businesses are posting weaker LTM numbers  many of which suffering margin contractions due to supply chain issues. This has caused a re-rating in global markets  with the S&P 500 down c.20% in 2022 for example.This is neither significantly good nor bad for CME  the house wins regardless. If we look back at Q1 or Q2 2020  the peak of market hysteria during the initial days of COVID-19 in the west  CME posted better quarterly results than the year prior. If we look back at the '08 Financial Crisis  we observe a similar thing  revenues and NI up Y/Y (45% in 08'  2% in '09 and 15% in '10). With interest rates as high as they are  we are likely seeing above average levels of hedging. This is likely one of the key drivers of growth in the LTM period. For this reason  we are comfortable that CME will perform well in 2023  despite weakening market conditions. The only downside risk is if volume falls due to a stagnation in markets  but this should be mitigated by the interest rate segment of their services.Peer group analysis:Peer group analysis (Tikr Terminal)CME's peers are other exchanges  such as HKE  ICE and LSEG  as well as other financial services businesses.As a general observation  we see high levels of profits and general market leading economics. There are multiple reasons for this including:The marginal benefit from extra investor / volume is very high as the associated cost is low. These businesses have built liquid markets through volume  which drives credibility and further users.These businesses operate in the same overarching industry but generally specialize in their own area (e.g.  OTCPK:LDNXF in the UK equity market). This allows for the development of barriers to entry and aggressive pricing.From a profitability perspective  CME performs extremely well  exceeding the average of the peer group. Only HKE (OTCPK:HKXCF) and Euronext (OTCPK:EUXTF) exceeds CME on a FCF basis but lack the geographical diversification.Historic growth is difficult to compare  as many of CME's competitors have been acquisitive at much larger levels  such as LSEG with Refinitiv ($27BN). Forward-looking data suggests CME is slightly below market average.Based on this data  CME is a leading market participate. We would hesitate to suggest that they are the premier business in this group  as slightly lower margins combined with greater growth can be superior. With the strategy Management have maintained to date  sustainable moderate growth will continue.Valuation:Peer group valuation (Tikr Terminal)With attractive economics these businesses bring  it is unsurprising that they are trading at high multiples. The average is 19x / 37x  with CME slightly above average at an EBITDA level and low on a PE level.CME's dividends are only marginally higher than the average of their peers  with the optionality of a special dividend. This is a fairly attractive proposition for long-term holders looking for exposure in this market.In order to determine our fair value for CME  we considered the relative position of CME v. each of the peer group  applying a discount or premium individual. In culmination  this gives us a 20x multiple. At this level  we see an upside of around 5%. Generally  we apply a 5% margin of error and so the upside is not sufficient enough to suggest this stock is a buy at its current level.CME Group Inc. stock has seen very little in the way of re-rating during the last 10-years  meaning it could be very difficult to pick this one up at a discount. For this reason  investors seeking to hold long term can certainly achieve alpha at this price  but today  it is difficult to suggest there is a buy opportunity here.Conclusion:From a commercial perspective  CME is a fantastic business. It has cornered an incredibly large market  which is vital to global operations and will consistently grow into the long-term. Despite this  the business is showing innovation and sequential improvements. From a financial perspective  CME is incredibly disciplined. They have grown well  even during downturns  and have complete control over expenses to ensure profitability. Payouts only reflect what the business is able to distribute  with debt being a non-issue. This is clearly a fantastic choice as a low-risk component of a diversified portfolio.The problem is that a company with all these characteristics is rarely cheap  and CME Group Inc. investors today are required to pay a fair price. We rate this stock a hold for that reason but believe in its long-term growth.With market conditions weakening further  general sentiment could bring CME Group Inc. stock down into undervalued territory  regardless of performance  which is what we are banking on.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.55,0.21,0.24,True,English,"['CME Group Stock', 'The House', 'NASDAQ', 'R.M. Nunes Company overview', 'M&A / greenfield expansion', 'hedging / liquidity tool', 'Long term investments disclosure', 'greater average daily volume', 'Avg. daily volume', 'U.S. treasuries', 'Q3 investor pack', 'significant asset base', 'un)realized gains', 'free cash flow', 'other LIBOR successors', 'primary driving factor', 'historical data services', 'forecast financial performance', 'large dividend payments', 'many mature businesses', 'CME Group Inc.', 'current market conditions', 'primary growth area', 'fixed income products', 'CME revenue breakdown', 'Market data revenue', 'strategic investments', 'greater market', 'greater ADV', 'Clearing services', 'sustained gains', 'many cases', 'unrequired cash', 'other factors', 'other"" sources', 'interest factor', 'relative performance', 'current suite', 'current offerings', 'primary operations', 'market leader', 'product offerings', 'foreign exchange', 'agric. commodities', 'swaps products', 'largest derivative', 'sticky service', 'great amount', 'corporate activity', 'great hedge', 'exchange industry', 'attractive investment', 'Tikr Terminal', 'last ten-years', 'equity indexes', 'product type', 'Annual accounts', 'recent quarters', 'product mix', 'prior year', 'inflationary pressures', 'investment income', 'large part', 'net income', 'normal dividend', 'special dividend', 'equity value', '0.5x EBITDA', 'capex commitments', 'appropriate use', 'options/futures space', 'Analyst forecasts', 'Analyst estimates', 'Product innovation', 'revenue split', 'total revenue', 'revenue stream', 'interest rates', 'extend period', 'LTM period', 'global markets', 'important part', 'FCF yield', 'capital appreciation', 'Y/Y. Markets', ""business' current"", 'options products', 'real reason', 'business scope', 'equity futures', 'options contracts', '7% growth', 'trading', 'energy', 'metals', 'exchanges', 'real-time', 'importance', 'SOFR', 'Investors', 'continued', 'reflection', 'YCharts', 'money', 'trades', 'potential', 'volatility', 'analysis', 'quality', 'peers', 'Financials', 'CAGR', 'concern', 'RPC', 'Management', 'drag', 'pricing', 'margins', 'dividends', 'nature', 'ability', 'FS', 'eye', 'policy', 'extent', 'ROE', 'intangibles', 'debt', 'opportunity', 'way', 'barriers', 'entry', 'assumptions', '2022']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,seekingalpha.com
17998,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-announces-the-approval-and-publication-of-the-Prospectus-for-listing-and-admission-to-tradi-42924678/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,BioSenic announces the approval and publication of the Prospectus for listing and admission to trading of the shares and subscription rights issued in the context of the capital increase by way of in kind contributions of Medsenic,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR RELEASE TO OR WITHIN SWITZERLAND  THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  JAPAN  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  OR SOUTH AFRICA  OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION WHERE ITS DISSEMINATION WOULD BE CO…,"REGULATED INFORMATIONNOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  PUBLICATION OR RELEASE TO OR WITHIN SWITZERLAND  THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  JAPAN  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  OR SOUTH AFRICA  OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION WHERE ITS DISSEMINATION WOULD BE CONTRARY TO THE LAW OR OTHER RESTRICTIONS APPLYBioSenic announces the approval and publication of the Prospectus for listing and admission to trading of the shares and subscription rights issued in the context of the capital increase by way of in kind contributions of Medsenic 51% participationMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  February 8  2023  7am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune / inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces the publication of the Prospectus for listing and admission to trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris of 90 668 594 new shares and 24 463 421 new subscription rights that were issued in the context of the capital increase by way of in kind contributions of the Medsenic majority participation which was approved on 24 October 2022. The Prospectus also covers the admission to trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris of up to 24 463 421 new shares if and when the aforementioned subscription rights are exercised  provided that such additional new shares are issued and admitted to listing prior to 7 February 2024.The newly admitted shares and subscription rights will be listed and available for trading on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris by Friday 10th February 2023.The Prospectus has been approved by the FSMA on 7 February 2023. As of today  the Prospectus will be made available to investors free of charge at the company's registered office at Rue Granbonpré 11 - Building H (box 24)  1435 Mont-St-Guibert  Belgium (Europe). The Prospectus can also be consulted on the company website (https://biosenic.com/investors).The Prospectus  including its publication on the internet  does not constitute an offering for sale or an invitation to submit an offer to purchase any of the new shares or new subscription rights. The Prospectus must not be copied  made available or printed for distribution.BioSenic’s plans to deliver innovative and efficient treatments to patients and to move forward in the development of its two most advanced clinical assets; the allogeneic cell therapy platform  ALLOB  and its oral arsenic trioxide for chronic Graft versus Host Disease (cGvHD) which is currently in preparation for phase III clinical trial.""The year 2023 is shaping up to be a very rich one for BioSenic  which today has a portfolio of high-potential drug candidates to treat thousands of patients in various therapeutic areas  including cGvHD and tibial fracture repair. All our efforts are focused on advancing our clinical studies and actively seeking partners for other indications. The positive and very promising results in our main development programs for cGvHD and tibial fracture repair are the main driver for our clinical teams to be able to offer as soon as possible new and effective therapeutic solutions for today's largely unmet medical needs "" said Prof. François Rieger  President and CEO of BioSenic.In October 2022  BioSenic issued 90 668 594 new shares. Simultaneously  it issued 24 463 421 new subscription rights which  if exercised  entitle their holders to subscribe for 24 463 421 new shares in total. A FAQ containing further information on the subscription rights is available on the company website (https://biosenic.com/investors).BioSenic Group anticipates having sufficient cash to carry out its business objectives until end Q1 2023. This is based on the 2022 revised cash forecast considering an operating cash burn of €8 million to €9 million and a financing cash burn of around €1.3 million  as well as on the realization of the following relevant assumptions:• The payment of a final settlement and termination amount of about EUR 1 million by Shenzhen Pregene BioPharma Co.  Ltd (""Pregene"") following the termination by Pregene of the license agreement.• A negotiation of a revised RCA repayment schedule for turnover-independent reimbursements to be made under the recoverable cash advances (RCA) previously received by BioSenic.• The issuance to Global Tech Opportunities 15 (""GTO 15"") of all 100 convertible bonds subscribed by it in ten separate tranches with a total nominal value of €5 million  of which the first six tranches have been issued and subscribed for by GTO 15.BioSenic Group will continue to require additional financing to continue its operations in the longer term as it does currently not have sufficient working capital to meet its present requirements and cover the working capital needs for a period of at least 12 months as of the date of the Prospectus. For more information about the working capital and funding objectives of the BioSenic Group  please consult the Prospectus.The Prospectus contains pro forma financial information to illustrate the effects of the acquisition of Medsenic. The Prospectus also contains the audited financial statements in IFRS of Medsenic for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and the related notes.About BioSenicBioSenic is a biotech company focused on (i) the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and (ii) exploiting the possibilities offered by the therapeutic use of arsenic salts (mainly arsenic trioxide (ATO)) for patients with autoimmune diseases. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['subscription rights', 'capital increase', 'kind contributions', 'BioSenic', 'approval', 'publication', 'Prospectus', 'listing', 'trading', 'shares', 'context', 'way', 'Medsenic', 'serious autoimmune / inflammatory diseases', 'two most advanced clinical assets', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'phase III clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'Shenzhen Pregene BioPharma Co.', 'pro forma financial information', 'oral arsenic trioxide', 'high-potential drug candidates', 'various therapeutic areas', 'effective therapeutic solutions', 'unmet medical needs', 'following relevant assumptions', 'Global Tech Opportunities', 'ten separate tranches', 'first six tranches', 'operating cash burn', 'recoverable cash advances', 'tibial fracture repair', 'financing cash burn', 'clinical stage company', 'working capital needs', 'RCA repayment schedule', 'total nominal value', '2022 revised cash forecast', 'Friday 10th February', 'sufficient working capital', 'Medsenic majority participation', 'main development programs', '24,463,421 new subscription rights', 'additional new shares', 'cell repair', 'sufficient cash', 'clinical studies', 'clinical teams', 'additional financing', 'financial st', 'Medsenic 51% participation', 'main driver', 'capital increase', '668,594 new shares', '24,463,421 new shares', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER COUNTRY', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'kind contributions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'registered office', 'Rue Granbonpré', 'Building H', 'company website', 'efficient treatments', 'chronic Graft', 'Host Disease', 'rich one', 'other indications', 'promising results', 'business objectives', 'end Q1', 'final settlement', 'license agreement', 'turnover-independent reimbursements', '100 convertible bonds', 'longer term', 'present requirements', 'funding objectives', 'Euronext Paris', 'termination amount', 'The Prospectus', 'BioSenic Group', '7 February', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'RELEASE', 'SWITZERLAND', 'AMERICA', 'JAPAN', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JURISDICTION', 'DISSEMINATION', 'LAW', 'approval', 'publication', 'listing', 'trading', 'context', 'way', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '7am', '24 October', 'FSMA', 'today', 'investors', 'charge', 'box', '1435 Mont-St-Guibert', 'Europe', 'internet', 'offering', 'sale', 'invitation', 'plans', 'innovative', 'patients', 'ALLOB', 'preparation', 'year', 'portfolio', 'thousands', 'cGvHD', 'efforts', 'partners', 'positive', 'President', 'CEO', 'holders', 'FAQ', 'realization', 'negotiation', 'issuance', 'GTO', 'operations', 'period', '12 months', 'effects', 'acquisition']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
17999,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROBIO-SCIENTIFIC-37705718/news/Eurobio-Scientific-formalises-the-appointment-of-Anne-Sophie-Herelle-as-Group-CFO-42932687/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Eurobio Scientific formalises the appointment of Anne-Sophie Hérelle as Group CFO,(marketscreener.com) EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC FORMALISES THE APPOINTMENT OF ANNE-SOPHIE HERELLE AS GROUP CFO Paris  February 8  2023 – 5:45 pm Eurobio Scientific   a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences  formalises the appointment …,"EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC FORMALISES THE APPOINTMENTOF ANNE-SOPHIE HERELLE AS GROUP CFOParis  February 8  2023 – 5:45 pmEurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS)  a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences  formalises the appointment of Anne-Sophie Hérelle as Group Chief Financial Officer.Anne-Sophie Hérelle joined the company as Group CFO in October 2022  in charge of finance  investor relations and information systems. She is a member of the Group Executive Committee and the CSR Committee.Anne-Sophie has over 20 years of experience in Finance.She started her career with JPMorgan in London as an M&A advisor for industrial clients throughout Europe before joining the French Sovereign Fund (Fonds Stratégique d’Investissement – FSI  now Bpifrance Investment) as an Investment Director when it was created in 2009. She was promoted Director and member of Bpifrance Capital Development’s Executive Committee in 2017  in charge for investments in mid and large caps. She served as a director representing Bpifrance with several French companies in various industries  notably Nexans  Cerba Healthcare  CMA CGM  Total Eren  Galileo Global Education  PointVision  Medipole  Cegedim  Novasep  NGE  Quadran ...Anne-Sophie Hérelle graduated from HEC Paris.Next financial meetings2022 results: April 5  2023  after market closesAnnual shareholders’ meeting : June 12  2023Half-year 2023 sales : July 24  2023  after market closesHalf-year results : October 11  2023  after market closesAbout Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a key player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to manufacturing and commercialization of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and sells instruments and products for research laboratories  including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Through many partnerships and a strong presence in hospitals  Eurobio Scientific has established its own distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products in the molecular biology field. The Group has approximately 250 employees and four production units based in the Paris region  in Germany  in the Netherlands and in the United States  and several affiliates based in Dorking UK  Sissach Switzerland  Bünde Germany  Antwerp Belgium and Utrecht in The Netherlands.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the EurobioNext holding company which brings together its two directors  Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier  alongside the ""Pépites et Territoires"" by AXA & NextStage AM investment program  managed by NextStage AM.For more information  please visit: www.eurobio-scientific.comThe company is publicly listed on the Euronext Growth market in ParisEuronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.Symbol: ALERS - ISIN Code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Anne-Sophie Hérelle', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'Group CFO', 'appointment', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'NextStage AM investment program', 'Next financial meetings', 'Euronext Growth market', 'M&A advisor', 'French Sovereign Fund', 'Annual shareholders’ meeting', 'four production units', 'Next Biotech indices', 'leading French group', 'Anne-Sophie Hérelle', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'Bpifrance Capital Development', 'several French companies', 'molecular biology field', 'Bünde Germany', 'EurobioNext holding company', 'Group Executive Committee', 'EUROBIO SCIENTIFIC FORMALISES', 'vitro diagnostics', 'GROUP CFO', 'Bpifrance Investment', 'The Group', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'several affiliates', 'ANNE-SOPHIE HERELLE', 'CSR Committee', 'life sciences', 'investor relations', 'industrial clients', 'Investment Director', 'large caps', 'various industries', 'Cerba Healthcare', 'CMA CGM', 'Total Eren', 'Global Education', 'Half-year 2023 sales', 'key player', 'diagnostic tests', 'infectious diseases', 'many partnerships', 'strong presence', 'distribution network', 'United States', 'Dorking UK', 'Sissach Switzerland', 'reference shareholder', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Denis Fortier', 'Pépites', 'ISIN Code', 'market closes', 'THE APPOINTMENT', 'information systems', 'HEC Paris', 'Half-year results', 'research laboratories', 'proprietary products', 'Paris region', 'The Netherlands', '2022 results', 'February', 'ALERS', 'October', 'charge', 'finance', 'member', '20 years', 'experience', 'career', 'JPMorgan', 'London', 'Investissement', 'FSI', 'investments', 'mid', 'Nexans', 'Galileo', 'PointVision', 'Medipole', 'Cegedim', 'Novasep', 'NGE', 'Quadran', 'April', 'June', 'specialty', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'fields', 'immunology', 'instruments', 'biotechnology', 'hospitals', 'portfolio', '250 employees', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'Territoires', 'AXA', 'PEA-PME', 'Symbol', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18000,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/LECTRA-Q4-and-Full-Year-2022-financial-report-available-42932875/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,LECTRA: Q4 and Full Year 2022 financial report available,(marketscreener.com)  Q4 and Full Year 2022 financial report available Paris  February 8  2023 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discus…,Q4 and Full Year 2022 financial report availableParis  February 8  2023 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with article 221-4-IV of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers  that the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations for the fourth quarter and the full year 2022 is available on the company's website: www.lectra.comIt is also available  upon request  at the company's headquarters 16-18 rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris (email: investor.relations@lectra.com)About Lectra:As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit www.lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 financial report', 'LECTRA', 'Q4', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'des marchés financiers', 'Full Year 2022 financial report', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', '16-18 rue Chalgrin', 'RCS Paris B', 'Financial Conditions', 'General Regulation', 'Management Discussion', 'fourth quarter', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '522 million euros', 'World Headquarters', '75016 Paris', 'Q4', 'Lectra', 'shareholders', 'compliance', 'article', 'IV', 'Analysis', 'Results', 'Operations', 'company', 'website', 'request', 'investor', 'relations', 'fashion', 'boldness', 'group', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'companies', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '2,500 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'Euronext', 'LSS', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18001,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lectra-2022-strong-increase-revenues-170000776.html,LECTRA: 2022: strong increase in revenues and earnings,2022: strong increase in revenues and earnings  Revenues: 521.9 million euros (+35%)  EBITDA before non-recurring items: 98.4 million euros (+51%)  Net...,LECTRA2022: strong increase in revenues and earnings Revenues: 521.9 million euros (+35%) EBITDA before non-recurring items: 98.4 million euros (+51%) Net income: 43.8 million euros (+55%) Free cash flow before non-recurring items: 43.7 million euros Dividend*: €0.48 per share (+33%)* Proposed to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 28  2023In millions of euros October 1 – December 31 January 1 – December 31 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenues 129.9 125.6 521.9 387.6 Change at actual exchange rates (%) +3% +35% EBITDA before non-recurring items(1) 23.5 21.8 98.4 65.1 Change at actual exchange rates (%) +8% +51% EBITDA margin before non-recurring items (in % of revenues) 18.1% 17.3% 18.8% 16.8% Net income 8.4 11.4 43.8 28.2 Change at actual exchange rates (%) -26% +55% Free cash flow before non-recurring items(1) 12.1 13.9 43.7 47.5 Shareholders’ equity(2) 452.2 400.8 Net cash (+) / Net financial debt (-)(1)(2) 11.4 (8.8)The definition for performance indicators appears in the Management Discussion of December 31  2022 At December 31Paris  February 8  2023. Today  Lectra’s Board of Directors  chaired by Daniel Harari  reviewed the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2022. Audit procedures have been performed by the Statutory Auditors. The certification report will be issued at the end of the Board of Director’s meeting of February 23  2023.To facilitate the analysis of the Group’s results  the financial statements are compared to those published in 2021 and to the 2021 pro forma financial statement (“2021 Pro forma”)  prepared by integrating the three acquisitions made in 2021 – Gerber Technology (“Gerber”)  Neteven  and Gemini CAD Systems (“Gemini”) – as if they had been consolidated from January 1  2021  whereas they have been consolidated since June 1  July 28 and September 27  2021 respectively.Story continues1. GREAT RESILIENCY IN A DEGRADED ENVIRONMENT2022 was significantly marked by the war in Ukraine and its consequences. As soon as the conflict began  the Company decided to cease its operations in Russia  by suspending the activity of its subsidiary Lectra Russia and stopping all deliveries of products or services. The Group's direct exposure to Ukraine and Russia is low; the contribution of these two countries in 2021 accounted for less than 1 percent of revenues.This war has accelerated price increases  energy shortfalls and shortages in some raw materials. However  their impact on the Group's financial statements was limited due to its low exposure to energy costs and a limited dependency on those raw materials affected the most.The Group also adjusted sale prices to compensate for the increase in its production costs in January and in July.In addition  the COVID-19 epidemic in China  involving very strict lockdowns and then  following the change in strategy  a surge in contaminations late in the year  had a negative impact on business in Asia  and particularly in China.The climate of uncertainty since the year began was intensified during the second half of the year by growing fears of recession in many countries.These situations have led some of the Group’s customers to reduce their investment budgets to cope with cost increases  shortages  or potential reductions in activity  while others have postponed purchasing decisions until their business environment and visibility improve.Finally  since the beginning of 2022  the dollar has significantly strengthened against the euro. With a yearly average exchange rate of $1.05/€1  the dollar was up 12% compared to 2021. This change and other currency changes mechanically increased revenues by roughly 7%.In this environment  the Group has once again demonstrated its resiliency  with strong earnings growth.2. Q4 2022In Q4 2021  the Gerber  Neteven and Gemini accounts were consolidated for the entire period. As a result  the published figures and the 2021 Pro forma figures were identical.In a particularly difficult macroeconomic environment  orders for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services (48.7 million euros) decreased by 13% compared to Q4 2021. This decline is attributable to the decrease recorded in Asia-Pacific  particularly in China owing to the impact of COVID-19  and in the countries of Northern and Eastern Europe  which  because of their geographical situation  are more exposed to the economic and social consequences of the war in Ukraine.At the same time  orders for new software subscriptions (equivalent to 3.4 million euros in annual revenues) increased by 68%  again confirming the success and excellent adoption of these products.Q4 2022 revenues (129.9 million euros) increased by 3%. EBITDA before non-recurring items (23.5 million euros) increased by 8% and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items was 18.1% (+0.8 percentage points).Net income (8.4 million euros) was down 26% compared to Q4 2021.Free cash flow before non-recurring items came to 12.1 million euros (13.9 million euros in Q4 2021).3. 2022Acquisition of the majority of the capital of TextileGenesisOn December 8  2022  Lectra announced the signature of an agreement to acquire the majority of the capital and voting rights of the Dutch company TextileGenesis (see press release issued on that date).The transaction was finalized on January 9  2023.Revenues and earnings in line with published objectives2022 revenues (521.9 million euros) and EBITDA before non-recurring items (98.4 million euros) were in the range of the objectives published in February 2022  as fine-tuned in July and confirmed in October.Revenues increased by 35% and EBITDA before non-recurring items by 51% compared to the financial statements published in 2021. The EBITDA margin before non-recurring items was 18.8%.Income from operations before non-recurring items (68.5 million euros) was up 54%. This includes an 11.8-million-euro charge for amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions of Gerber  Neteven  Gemini  and of the activity of Glengo Teknoloji. After recognizing a non-recurring charge of 4.0 million euros in 2022  income from operations amounted to 64.5 million euros.Net income (43.8 million euros) was up 55%.Free cash flow before non-recurring items (43.7 million euros) was down slightly compared to 2021 due to a temporary increase in working capital requirement.Comparison to the 2021 Pro formaIn 2022 orders for perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services (202.5 million euros) were stable compared to the amount of 2021 Pro forma orders. The annual value of new software subscription orders (9.6 million euros) was up 34%  illustrating the success of the SaaS offers for Industry 4.0.Despite the negative impact of the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 epidemic in China  revenues (521.9 million euros) increased by 12% compared to the 2021 Pro forma. Revenues from perpetual software licenses  equipment and accompanying software  and non-recurring services (208.8 million euros) increased by 10%  those from recurring contracts (168.4 million euros) by 13% and those from consumables and parts (144.7 million euros) by 12%.EBITDA before non-recurring items increased by 35% and the EBITDA margin before non-recurring items by 3.2 percentage points.Balance sheet at December 31  2022At December 31  2022  the Group had a particularly robust balance sheet with a consolidated shareholders’ equity of 452.2 million euros (400.8 million euros at December 31  2021) and a positive net cash position of 11.4 million euros  less than two years after the acquisition of Gerber. The working capital requirement was a negative 6.3 million euros.4. DIVIDEND INCREASED TO €0.48 PER SHAREThe Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 28  2023  the payment of a dividend at €0.48 per share in respect of fiscal year 2022.5. OUTLOOKA new strategic roadmap for 2023-2025Launched in 2017  the Lectra 4.0 strategy aims to position the Lectra as a key Industry 4.0 player in its three strategic market sectors  fashion  automotive and furniture  before 2030. The strategy has been implemented up to now through two strategic roadmaps covering the periods 2017-2019  then 2020-2022.Lectra will continue to implement the Lectra 4.0 strategy over the next three years through a new strategic roadmap for 2023-2025.The Group intends to take full advantage of its change in dimension – mainly following the acquisition of Gerber in June 2021 – to accelerate growth  to significantly increase the volume of SaaS in its revenue  and to seize acquisition opportunities. With the commitment and engagement of employees  and recognition by customers  Lectra will be at the forefront in building a more sustainable future.To achieve these objectives  the Group has set six strategic priorities for 2023-2025:reinforce implementation of ethical  social  societal and environmental best practices both internally and for customers;leverage all synergies arising from the Gerber acquisition;accelerate the transition of software sales to the SaaS model;accelerate the transformation of the Group's customer relationship and customer engagement model;following on from the previous two roadmaps  continue to pursue external growth;prepare Lectra for the 2026-2030 period.These six strategic priorities provide the Group with a structure for the work required to achieve the ambitions of its strategic roadmap. They are detailed in the financial report on the activity and the consolidated financial statements for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022.Financial objectivesLectra's ambition is to achieve  in 2025  revenues of over 700 million euros (including 10% in SaaS revenues)  combining both organic growth and acquisitions  and an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of over 20%. These objectives were prepared on the basis of the closing exchange rates on December 30  2022  in particular $1.07 to the euro.The Company intends to keep its attractive shareholder payment policy with dividends that over the roadmap period should represent a payout ratio of about 40% of net income  excluding non-recurring items.Free cash flow generation will also contribute to financing the Group’s internal development strategy and acquisitions  as well as the repayment of debt.Outlook for 2023In its financial report on the third quarter and first nine months of the year  which included a review of the 2020-2022 roadmap  the Group confirmed that the progress made during the period  as well as the acquisitions of 2021  and the Gerber acquisition in particular  had given the Group a new dimension and increased opportunities for continued growth.While this new status enables Lectra to look ahead with confidence at its development over the medium term  the year 2023 remains unpredictable given the degraded macroeconomic and geopolitical environment  as numerous uncertainties could continue to weigh upon the investment decisions of the Group's customers. Still  the lifting of restrictions in China that was announced at the end of 2022  and which resulted in the reopening of the country at the start of the year  is expected to have a positive impact in 2023.In a challenging context  the Group invested in 2022 to prepare for execution of its strategic roadmap for 2023-2025. By proceeding with two general salary increases during the year  it also decided to protect employees against the impact of inflation  thereby strengthening their engagement and commitment to the Group.Despite the persistent lack of visibility for 2023  Lectra  which has a particularly strong balance sheet and a proven business model featuring a very high percentage of recurring revenues  will continue to invest in order to prioritize medium-term growth.Because of an exceptionally large order backlog at January 1  2022 (4.3 million euros higher than the backlog at January 1  2023)  and the very high amount of orders booked in January 2022  before the start of the war in Ukraine  revenues for the first quarter of 2023 are expected to be slightly lower than for the first quarter of 2022. Combined with the increase in overhead costs  this decline is expected to also lead to a decrease in EBIDTA before non-recurring items.More generally  the contextual elements that affected the Group’s activity and results in 2022 were reflected heterogeneously over each quarter  making quarterly comparisons between 2023 and 2022 less relevant.Financial objectives for 2023In light of the above  Lectra has set its objectives for 2023  with revenues in the range of 522 to 576 million euros (+2% to +12% at constant exchange rates relative to 2022) and EBITDA before non-recurring items in the range of 90 to 113 million euros (-5% to +20% at constant exchange rates relative to 2022).The Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and the financial statements for Q4 and the fiscal year 2022 are available on lectra.com. First quarter earnings for 2023 will be published on April 27  2023. The Annual Shareholders' Meeting will take place on April 28  2023.As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit ww w .lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.03,0.77,True,English,"['strong increase', 'LECTRA', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'yearly average exchange rate', '2021 pro forma financial statement', 'actual exchange rates', 'other currency changes', 'Free cash flow', 'perpetual software licenses', 'new software subscriptions', '2021 Pro forma figures', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Net financial debt', 'Gemini CAD Systems', 'difficult macroeconomic environment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'strong earnings growth', 'subsidiary Lectra Russia', 'Net cash', 'accompanying software', 'published figures', 'Net income', 'strong increase', 'recurring items', 'performance indicators', 'Management Discussion', 'Daniel Harari', 'Audit procedures', 'Statutory Auditors', 'certification report', 'three acquisitions', 'DEGRADED ENVIRONMENT', 'direct exposure', 'price increases', 'energy shortfalls', 'raw materials', 'low exposure', 'energy costs', 'limited dependency', 'sale prices', 'production costs', 'COVID-19 epidemic', 'strict lockdowns', 'second half', 'investment budgets', 'cost increases', 'potential reductions', 'purchasing decisions', 'Gemini accounts', 'entire period', 'Eastern Europe', 'geographical situation', 'same time', 'excellent adoption', '98.4 million euros', '43.8 million euros', '43.7 million euros', '48.7 million euros', '3.4 million euros', '12.1 million euros', 'annual revenues', 'two countries', 'many countries', 'business environment', 'non-recurring services', 'social consequences', 'EBITDA margin', 'Gerber Technology', 'The Group', 'negative impact', 'fiscal year', 'Q4 2022 revenues', 'Dividend', 'April', 'millions', 'October', 'December', '7.6 Change', 'definition', 'Paris', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'analysis', 'results', 'Neteven', 'January', 'June', 'July', 'September', 'Story', 'RESILIENCY', 'Ukraine', 'conflict', 'operations', 'activity', 'deliveries', 'products', 'contribution', 'less', '1 percent', 'shortages', 'addition', 'China', 'strategy', 'surge', 'contaminations', 'Asia', 'climate', 'uncertainty', 'fears', 'recession', 'situations', 'customers', 'others', 'visibility', 'beginning', 'dollar', 'orders', 'equipment', 'decline', 'decrease', 'Northern', 'success', 'percentage', 'maj', '521.9']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
18002,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-announces-topline-results-phase-210100987.html,Galapagos announces topline results from Phase 3 DIVERSITY trial of filgotinib in Crohn’s disease,The two induction cohorts missed the co-primary endpoints of clinical remission and endoscopic response at Week 10In the maintenance phase  filgotinib 200mg ...,Galapagos NVThe two induction cohorts missed the co-primary endpoints of clinical remission and endoscopic response at Week 10In the maintenance phase  filgotinib 200mg once daily achieved the co-primary endpoints of clinical remission and endoscopic response at Week 58The safety findings were generally consistent with the known profile of filgotinib in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and ulcerative colitis (UC)Galapagos decided not to submit a Marketing Authorization Application in Europe based on these topline dataGalapagos remains fully committed to filgotinib  a JAK1 preferential inhibitor orally administered once daily  and its approved indications  RA and UC  and is on track to start a Phase 3 trial in axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA) later this yearMechelen  Belgium; 8 February 2023  22:01 CET; regulated information; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced the topline results from DIVERSITY  a global Phase 3 trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of filgotinib  100mg or 200mg once daily  during induction and maintenance treatment of biologic-naïve and biologic-experienced patients with moderate to severe Crohn's disease (CD).The co-primary endpoints at Week 10 and Week 58 were clinical remission per Patient Reported Outcome (PRO-2) and endoscopic response per Simple Endoscopic Score for Crohn’s Disease (SES-CD).Induction Cohort A included biologic-naïve (54%) and biologic-experienced (46%) patients; induction Cohort B included biologic-experienced patients. In total  33% of patients in Cohort A and 52% of patients in Cohort B had failed treatment with 3 or more biologic drugs.Both induction cohorts of the study failed to meet the co-primary endpoints of clinical remission and endoscopic response for filgotinib  100mg and 200mg once daily.In the maintenance phase of the study  a statistically significant higher proportion of patients receiving filgotinib 200mg once daily achieved the co-primary endpoints of clinical remission (43.8% vs. 26.4%; p=0.0382) and endoscopic response (30.4% vs. 9.4%; p=0.0038) compared to placebo at Week 58.Story continuesThe safety observations of the study were in line with the underlying disease and were consistent with the safety profile of filgotinib in previous studies across indications.“While Crohn’s disease is a difficult-to-treat condition and a large proportion of patients enrolled in DIVERSITY had high disease activity and long-standing disease with prior exposure to multiple therapies  we are disappointed with the outcome of the induction studies. However  at the same time  we are encouraged by the confirmed safety profile and the clinical efficacy signs observed in the maintenance phase ” said Prof. Dr. Séverine Vermeire  Research Director of the Group Biomedical Sciences  University of Leuven and staff member at the Gastroenterology Department of the University Hospital Leuven  Belgium.Daniele D’Ambrosio  MD  PhD  Therapeutic Area Head  Immunology  at Galapagos added: “As filgotinib demonstrated robust late-stage clinical data in UC1 and in earlier Phase 2 clinical studies in CD  we are very disappointed with this outcome. The current topline data do not support a Marketing Authorization Application in Europe  and we will analyze the full results to gain valuable insights to guide future research efforts. Galapagos remains fully committed to filgotinib and its approved indications of RA and UC  and we are on track to initiate a Phase 3 study in patients with AxSpA later this year. We are grateful to the patients and all medical professionals who participated in this trial.”About Crohn’s diseaseCrohn’s disease is an inflammatory bowel disease in which the balance of the intestinal immune system is disturbed causing a significant burden on people living with this disease. Crohn’s disease is considered to be a progressive disease and causes ulcerations that may affect any part of the digestive system from mouth to anus. The cause of the disease is unknown  with onset usually between the ages of 15 and 35. Patients suffer from abdominal pain  diarrhea (often bloody)  vomiting  fever  and weight loss. Estimates suggest there could be up to 1.6 million people living with Crohn’s disease across Europe  with up to 78 000 new cases every year.2 Despite the availability of advanced therapies  insufficient control of inflammation and loss of response over time are still a big problem for many CD patients.3About the filgotinib clinical development program in Crohn’s diseaseDIVERSITY consisted of a combined (induction and maintenance)  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial  enrolling 1 374 biologic-naive and biologic-experienced patients with moderately to severely active CD in 384 centers worldwide. The primary objectives of the trial were to evaluate the safety and efficacy of filgotinib 100mg or 200mg  once-daily oral treatment  versus placebo.The co-primary endpoints at Week 10 and Week 58 were clinical remission per Patient Reported Outcome (PRO-2) and endoscopic response per Simple Endoscopic Score for Crohn’s Disease (SES-CD). Clinical remission measured by the Crohn’s Disease Activity Index (CDAI) was a key secondary endpoint in the induction and maintenance phase of the study. Additional secondary endpoints were clinical remission and endoscopic response (combined into a single endpoint on a patient level) at Week 10  clinical remission and endoscopic response (combined into a single endpoint on a patient level) at Weeks 10 and 58  sustained clinical remission and endoscopic response at Weeks 10 and 58  and 6-month corticosteroid-free clinical remission at Week 58.The results from the previous studies  Phase 2 FITZROY and Phase 2b DIVERGENCE  contributed to the long-term evaluation of filgotinib in Crohn’s disease. Full results of the FITZROY study were reported in The Lancet.4 A long-term extension study including patients who participated in DIVERSITY is currently ongoing.For DIVERSITY trial information  visit: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02914561About filgotinibFilgotinib is marketed as Jyseleca in Europe and Japan for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to one or more disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Filgotinib is also marketed as Jyseleca in Europe and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis (UC) who have had an inadequate response with  lost response to  or were intolerant to either conventional therapy or a biologic agent. Jyseleca (filgotinib) 100mg and 200mg are registered in the above-mentioned territories.The European Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib  which includes contraindications and special warnings and precautions  is available at www.ema.europa.eu. The Great Britain Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.medicines.org.uk/emc and the Northern Ireland Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.emcmedicines.com/en-GB/northernireland  respectively. The interview form from the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare is available at www.info.pmda.go.jp.Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca for the treatment of moderately to severely RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation).About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to Phase 4 programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.ContactMedia relationsMarieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603Elisa Chenailler+41 79 853 33 54Hélène de Kruijs+31 6 22463921media@glpg.com Investor relationsSofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “will ” “continue ” “ongoing ” “estimated ” “on track ” “remains ” “guide ” and “recommended ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements related to our plans and strategy with respect to Jyseleca and filgotinib  statements related to the analysis of data from the DIVERSITY study  statements related to the timing for the start of our planned Phase 3 clinical development in AxSpA  and statements related to interactions with regulatory authorities  and the timing or likelihood of approval for filgotinib in AxSpA. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with filgotinib may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks associated with clinical trial and product development activities  including the filgotinib clinical program  the planned Phase 3 clinical development in AxSpA  and the DIVERSITY study  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support registration or further development of filgotinib due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  the risks related to continued regulatory review of filgotinib following approval by relevant regulatory authorities  including EMA’s safety review of JAK inhibitors used to treat certain inflammatory disorders  the risks that regulatory authorities may require additional post-approval trials of filgotinib or any other product candidates that are approved in the future  our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including our collaboration partner for filgotinib  Gilead) and that our estimations regarding its filgotinib development program and regarding the commercial potential of filgotinib may be incorrect  the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on its currently contemplated business plan and/or will need to revise its business plan  and risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  as supplemented and/or modified by any other filings and reports that we have made or will make with the SEC in the future. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance or achievements are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release unless required by law or regulation.1 The Lancet Vol 397 No. 10292 p2372-2384. Published: June 3  2021.2 Journal of Crohn's and Colitis  Volume 7  Issue 4  May 1  2013  Pages 322 337  https://doi.org/10.1016/j.crohns.2013.01.010.3 https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25933126/4 The Lancet Vol. 389 No. 10066 p266–275 Published: December 14  2016.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.84,0.16,mixed,0.17,0.12,0.71,True,English,"['Phase 3 DIVERSITY trial', 'topline results', 'Galapagos', 'filgotinib', 'Crohn', 'disease', 'Prof. Dr. Séverine Vermeire', 'robust late-stage clinical data', 'double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial', 'filgotinib clinical development program', 'earlier Phase 2 clinical studies', 'Marketing Authorization Application', 'JAK1 preferential inhibitor', 'Group Biomedical Sciences', 'Daniele D’Ambrosio', 'Therapeutic Area Head', 'future research efforts', 'intestinal immune system', 'current topline data', 'Simple Endoscopic Score', 'Patient Reported Outcome', 'significant higher proportion', 'global Phase 3 trial', 'two induction cohorts', 'high disease activity', 'clinical efficacy signs', 'University Hospital Leuven', 'induction Cohort B', 'many CD patients', 'clinical remission', 'previous studies', 'induction studies', 'large proportion', 'Research Director', 'significant burden', 'digestive system', 'maintenance phase', 'topline results', 'Cohort A', 'endoscopic response', 'primary endpoints', 'known profile', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'axial spondyloarthritis', 'regulated information', 'biologic-naïve', 'biologic drugs', 'prior exposure', 'multiple therapies', 'staff member', 'Gastroenterology Department', 'full results', 'valuable insights', 'medical professionals', 'abdominal pain', 'up to', '78,000 new cases', 'advanced therapies', 'insufficient control', 'big problem', 'primary objectives', 'Phase 3 study', 'safety findings', 'safety observations', 'safety profile', 'oral treatment', 'active CD', 'same time', 'weight loss', '1.6 million people', 'maintenance treatment', 'biologic-experienced patients', 'underlying disease', 'long-standing disease', 'bowel disease', 'progressive disease', 'Galapagos NV', 'severe Crohn', 'filgotinib 100mg', 'filgotinib 200mg', 'Week 10', 'Europe', 'indications', 'track', 'AxSpA', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '8 February', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'DIVERSITY', 'moderate', 'total', 'Story', 'condition', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Immunology', 'UC1', 'balance', 'ulcerations', 'mouth', 'anus', 'cause', 'onset', 'ages', 'diarrhea', 'vomiting', 'fever', 'Estimates', 'availability', 'inflammation', '1,374 biologic-naive', '384 centers', '22:01', '26.', '9.']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
18003,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMPLIFON-S-P-A-179254/news/Amplifon-S-p-A-is-part-of-S-P-Global-s-Sustainability-Yearbook-2023-42933692/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Amplifon S p A : is part of S&P Global's Sustainability Yearbook 2023,(marketscreener.com)   AMPLIFON IS PART OF S&P GLOBAL'S   SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023   Milano  February 8th  2023 - Amplifon  global leading company in the hearing care industry  has been included by S&P Global in the Sustainability Yearbook 2023 fo…,"AMPLIFON IS PART OF S&P GLOBAL'SSUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023Milano  February 8th  2023 - Amplifon  global leading company in the hearing care industry  has been included by S&P Global in the Sustainability Yearbook 2023 for the second year in a row  as a result of the Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) 2022 that rewarded the best ESG practices.Among more than 7 800 companies analyzed  only 708 with the best sustainability performance were selected for the Sustainability Yearbook. This year Amplifon was also recognized as Industry Mover  having realized the most significant score improvement in the ""Healthcare Providers&Services"" industry compared to the previous year.According to Amplifon  this is a further recognition of its commitment to ESG and sustainability issues  expressed as well through the various activities implemented to achieve the objectives outlined in the ""Listening Ahead"" Sustainability Plan.AmplifonAmplifon is the global leading company in the hearing care retail market. Amplifon's purpose is to empower people to rediscover all the emotions of sound  offering innovative and personalized products and services to ensure the best solution for every customer. Founded in Milan in 1950  today  Amplifon is present in 25 countries worldwide with more than 9 200 points of sale and 18 600 employees and collaborators. The Company is listed (Euronext Milan) and has annual revenues of around 2 billion euros. More information at: https://corporate.amplifon.com.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['S&P Global', 'Amplifon S', 'Sustainability Yearbook', 'part', 'hearing care retail market', 'Healthcare Providers&Services"" industry', 'hearing care industry', 'S&P GLOBAL', 'significant score improvement', 'global leading company', 'Corporate Sustainability Assessment', 'best sustainability performance', 'best ESG practices', 'Industry Mover', 'best solution', 'The Company', 'SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK', 'sustainability issues', 'Sustainability Plan', 'second year', 'previous year', 'various activities', 'personalized products', 'annual revenues', '2 billion euros', 'More information', 'Euronext Milan', 'AMPLIFON', 'PART', 'Milano', 'row', 'result', 'CSA', '7,800 companies', 'recognition', 'commitment', 'objectives', 'purpose', 'people', 'emotions', 'sound', 'innovative', 'customer', '25 countries', '9,200 points', 'sale', '18,600 employees', 'collaborators']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18004,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/result-simplified-public-tender-offer-191900837.html,Result of the simplified public tender offer for the equity securities of EDF,"Result of the simplified public tender offer for the equity securities of EDF On 8 February 2023  the French Financial Markets Authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") published the result of the simplified public tender offer (the ""Offer"") …","EDFResult of the simplified public tender offer for the equity securities of EDFOn 8 February 2023  the French Financial Markets Authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"") published the result of the simplified public tender offer (the ""Offer"") filed by the French State for the equity securities of EDF  after the Offer closed on 3 February 2023.Upon completion of the Offer  the French State will own 3 725 111 882 EDF shares  representing 95.82% of the share capital and at least 96.53% of the voting rights of EDF1  and 218 616 300 OCEANEs  representing 99 96% of the outstanding OCEANEs2.The notice of result released by the AMF is available on the AMF’s website ( www.amf-france.org ).The settlement-delivery of the Offer will occur on 13 February 2023 according to the timetable released by Euronext Paris.The conditions for implementing a squeeze-out procedure for EDF shares and OCEANEs are now met3.As indicated in an AMF notice of 25 January 20234  pending the decision of the Paris Court of Appeal on the claim lodged by the employee shareholding fund Actions EDF and the non-profit organizations Energie En Actions and Association pour la Défense des Actionnaires Minoritaires seeking the annulment of the clearance decision on the Offer  the French State has taken the following undertakings:not to implement a squeeze-out procedure prior to the Court of Appeal's decision on the claim on the merits.in the event that the Court of Appeal confirms the AMF's clearance decision:request the AMF to reopen the Offer for a period of 10 trading days after the decision of the Court of Appeal on the claim on the merits;proceed with the squeeze-out.in the event that the Court of Appeal annuls or amends the AMF's clearance decision:return the securities acquired in the Offer (both in the context of the semi-centralized Offer and through market acquisitions) to former shareholders and/or holders of OCEANEs who so request;in the event that the French State decides to file an amended draft simplified public tender offer (followed by a squeeze-out) at a more favourable price following the decision of the Paris Court of Appeal  pay an additional price to shareholders and/or holders of OCEANEs (having tendered their securities in the semi-centralized Offer or having sold it on the market within the Offer) who have not requested the return of their securities but who request payment of the additional price.Story continuesImportant informationThis press release was prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to the public and may not be deemed to constitute any form of soliciting for the purpose of buying or selling financial securities. The circulation of this press release  the Offer  and the acceptance of the Offer may be subject to a specific regulation or restrictions in some countries. The Offer is not directed at persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and it may not be accepted by anyone located in a jurisdiction where the Offer is subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release must familiarize themselves and comply with any restrictions that may apply to them.EDF may not be held liable for the violation  by any person or entity  of any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.This press release is certified. Check its authenticity on medias.edf.comAbout EDFAs a major player in energy transition  the EDF Group is an integrated energy company active in all businesses: generation  transmission  distribution  energy trading  energy sales and energy services. EDF group is a world leader in low-carbon energy  having developed a diverse production mix based mainly on nuclear and renewable energy (including hydropower). It is also investing in new technologies to support energy transition. EDF’s raison d’être is to build a net zero energy future with electricity and innovative solutions and services  to help save the planet and drive well-being and economic development. The Group is involved in supplying energy and services to approximately 38.5 million customers (1)  of whom 29.3 million in France (2). It generated consolidated sales of €84.5 billion in 2021. EDF is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange.(1) Since 2018  customers are counted per delivery site. A customer can have two delivery points: one for electricity and another one for gas.(2) Including ÉS (Électricité de Strasbourg) and SEI.1 Figures not taking into account EDF’s treasury shares (888 511 shares).2 The share allocation ratio per OCEANE will be adjusted to 1 124 after 1st March 2023  and subject to a subsequent adjustment in case of a reopening of the Offer  as detailed in a separate press release available on EDF’s website (www.edf.fr/finance).3 In accordance with Articles L. 433-4 II and III of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 237-1 to 237-3 of the AMF’s General Regulation.4 See press release dated 26 January 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.23,0.4,True,English,"['public tender offer', 'equity securities', 'EDF', 'employee shareholding fund Actions', 'net zero energy future', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'simplified public tender offer', 'Energie En Actions', 'la Défense', 'diverse production mix', 'two delivery points', 'share allocation ratio', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'integrated energy company', 'separate press release', '1st March', 'Financial Code', 'share capital', 'delivery site', 'French State', 'French Monetary', 'Euronext Paris', 'energy transition', 'energy trading', 'energy sales', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energy', 'financial securities', 'voting rights', 'non-profit organizations', 'Actionnaires Minoritaires', 'following undertakings', '10 trading days', 'favourable price', 'additional price', 'Important information', 'information purposes', 'specific regulation', 'applicable legal', 'major player', 'world leader', 'new technologies', 'innovative solutions', 'economic development', 'The Group', 'consolidated sales', 'subsequent adjustment', 'Articles L.', 'General Regulation', 'treasury shares', 'Paris Court', 'energy services', 'equity securities', 'market acquisitions', 'former shareholders', '38.5 million customers', 'semi-centralized Offer', 'clearance decision', 'EDF Group', 'outstanding OCEANEs', 'regulatory restrictions', '3,725,111,882 EDF shares', 'AMF notice', '888,511 shares', '218,616,300 OCEANEs', '8 February', 'result', '3 February', 'completion', 'website', 'france', 'settlement-delivery', 'timetable', 'conditions', 'squeeze', 'procedure', '25 January', 'Appeal', 'claim', 'Association', 'annulment', 'merits', 'event', 'period', 'context', 'return', 'payment', 'Story', 'circulation', 'acceptance', 'countries', 'persons', 'jurisdiction', 'possession', 'violation', 'entity', 'authenticity', 'medias', 'businesses', 'generation', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'nuclear', 'hydropower', 'raison', 'electricity', 'planet', 'being', 'gas', 'Électricité', 'Strasbourg', 'SEI', '1 Figures', 'account', 'case', 'reopening', 'finance', 'accordance', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
18005,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAPID-NUTRITION-PLC-123894197/news/Rapid-Nutrition-Outlines-2023-Company-Roadmap-42924162/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Rapid Nutrition : Outlines 2023 Company Roadmap,(marketscreener.com)   London  United Kingdom 8 Feb. 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC   a natural wellness company focused on organic wholefood-based nutrition and science-based herbal products with growing worldwide distribution  outlines its growth strategy for…,"London  United Kingdom 8 Feb. 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC (Euronext Growth: ALRPD)  a natural wellness company focused on organic wholefood-based nutrition and science-based herbal products with growing worldwide distribution  outlines its growth strategy for the year ahead as well as key company updates.In 2022  the company bolstered the foundations of the business by securing strong investor support to pay down its long-term debts  in addition to successfully completing the strategic acquisition of The Plant-Based Bundle -with more than 100 000 customers. Continued expansion of its IP portfolio included the acceptance of its flagship brand trademark in China  a key focus market for the company in 2023; further  Rapid Nutrition made notable progress on its new Azurene formula and updated the flagship SystemLS weight loss brand  which is currently being manufactured.""Our diligent management team has continued to expand and is successfully executing on its growth strategy by continuing to progress into new markets while strengthening the core fundamentals of the business by distinguishing long-term debt and adding additional revenue streams "" said Rapid Nutrition CEO Simon St. Ledger. ""We know that market fluctuations have been challenging but are very optimistic about the opportunities in front of us.""As announced in December  Rapid Nutrition has entered into a non-binding letter of intent to acquire FFS  subject to due diligence. This phase  with a brief pause for the holidays  is in its final stage with the outcome anticipated in the coming weeks. Azurene was anticipated to hit the market late Q4 2022  however  due to manufacturing capacities  it is expected to reach the market in the first half of 2023 in time for the northern hemisphere winter. This timeline provided the company the opportunity to finalise branding and packaging for this unique formula  and SystemLS is in production with its long-term manufacturer with a new look and line extensions  capitalising on the latest consumer trends  are expected to be available in the first or second quarter.Company management is collaborating with current and potential partners to expand market presence in focus markets  chiefly the UK  Europe and China in 2023. China's health and wellness industry  valued at $683 billion  continues to explode while Europe and the UK are seeing expansions in overall health and wellness  making these locations an ideal trifecta for growth this year and beyond.Furthermore  Rapid Nutrition continues to expand its product portfolio to capitalise on growing market trends in key categories such as weight loss  immunity  skin care  vegan and gluten-free products  and general wellness  all with an eye toward expanding distribution and pinpointing new partnerships and opportunities.""As we continue to ramp up our growth plans  Rapid Nutrition has a lot to celebrate and even more to look forward to in the days and months to come "" St. Ledger added. ""With a focus on the core business fundamentals  which will no doubt ultimately reflect on market and a vibrant industry  we believe we are in a great position for growth and success.""About Rapid NutritionDedicated to the development and distribution of premium  science-based health and wellness brands across the globe  Rapid Nutrition shares a wealth of award-winning products with consumers who are passionate about innovations that are ""made by nature  refined by science."" Rapid Nutrition's first-class scientific team matches the experience of its management team to keep both the company and consumers on top of the latest industry trends and developments  while aligning with industry leaders worldwide to deliver effective supplements and solutions. Rapid Nutrition aims to be the supplier of choice globally by offering premium brands with the highest-quality ingredients to deliver maximum results.For more information  please visit http://rnplc.comInvestor Relations Contact:ir@rnplc.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and or otherwise that involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause Rapid Nutrition PLCs actual results and experience to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Rapid Nutrition PLC has in some cases identified forward-looking statements by using words such as ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""estimates "" ""looks "" ""expects "" ""plans "" ""intends "" ""goal "" ""potential "" ""may "" ""suggest "" and similar expressions. Rapid Nutrition PLC undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law or regulation.This media information does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. This information does not constitute an offering prospectus within the meaning within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 of June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71 or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the Euronext Exchange or other Markets. The media release is in accordance with International Reporting Standard: Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act ('Rule 12g3-2(b)') permits non-U.S. companies with securities listed primarily on a Qualified Foreign Exchange to make publicly available to U.S investors in English the same information that is made publicly available in their home countries as an alternative to SEC reporting Exchange Act Rule 12g3-2(b).",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.24,0.04,True,English,"['Outlines 2023 Company Roadmap', 'Rapid Nutrition', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'flagship SystemLS weight loss brand', 'flagship brand trademark', 'strong investor support', 'The Plant-Based Bundle', 'additional revenue streams', 'northern hemisphere winter', 'latest consumer trends', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'safe harbor provisions', 'first-class scientific team', 'organic wholefood-based nutrition', 'science-based herbal products', 'latest industry trends', 'diligent management team', 'Simon St. Ledger', 'growing market trends', 'Rapid Nutrition PLC', 'Rapid Nutrition CEO', 'growing worldwide distribution', 'premium, science-based health', 'key company updates', 'new Azurene formula', 'natural wellness company', 'core business fundamentals', 'key focus market', 'core fundamentals', 'key categories', 'unique formula', 'premium brands', 'gluten-free products', 'award-winning products', 'new markets', 'new look', 'wellness industry', 'new partnerships', 'vibrant industry', 'industry leaders', 'Company management', 'United Kingdom', 'long-term debts', 'strategic acquisition', 'Continued expansion', 'IP portfolio', 'notable progress', 'binding letter', 'due diligence', 'brief pause', 'final stage', 'coming weeks', 'manufacturing capacities', 'long-term manufacturer', 'line extensions', 'second quarter', 'potential partners', 'focus markets', 'overall health', 'product portfolio', 'skin care', 'general wellness', 'great position', 'wellness brands', 'effective supplements', 'highest-quality ingredients', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'applicable law', 'market fluctuations', 'market presence', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'first half', 'maximum results', 'actual results', 'unanticipated events', 'media information', 'growth plans', 'London', 'ALRPD', 'year', 'foundations', '100,000 customers', 'acceptance', 'China', 'opportunities', 'front', 'December', 'intent', 'FFS', 'phase', 'holidays', 'outcome', 'time', 'opportunity', 'branding', 'packaging', 'production', 'current', 'UK', 'Europe', 'expansions', 'locations', 'immunity', 'vegan', 'eye', 'expanding', 'lot', 'months', 'success', 'development', 'globe', 'wealth', 'consumers', 'innovations', 'nature', 'experience', 'top', 'solutions', 'supplier', 'choice', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'expectations', 'cases', 'words', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'regulation', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18006,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Third-PPA-at-Bekaert-India-leads-to-more-than-60-CO2-reduction-42930926/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Bekaert : Third PPA at Bekaert India leads to more than 60% CO2 reduction,(marketscreener.com)     Press release   8 February 2023 • 8.30 am CET     Press   Katelijn Bohez   T +32 56 76 66 10 katelijn.bohez@bekaert.com   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Third-PPA-at-Bek…,Third PPA at Bekaert India leads to more than 60% CO2 reductionBekaert has signed a third Power Purchase Agreement in India  leading to a total CO2 reduction of more than 60% at Bekaert's operations in India.In line with the company's sustainability ambition to reach Carbon Net Zero  Bekaert takes action to continuously decrease its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by improving the energy efficiency and by increasing the proportion of energy supply from renewable sources.Investing in renewable energy sourcesThrough the investment in new renewable energy projects  Bekaert enables the addition of green energy capacity and increases the proportion of its renewable energy supply. Bekaert has now signed a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) to source electricity from a 10 MWp solar farm in India. The solar farm is projected to be operational by year-end 2023.This is Bekaert's third PPA in India  adding to earlier projects of 22.5 and 14 MWp each. These three renewable energy facilities will offset more than 60% of carbon emissions from electricity used by Bekaert's operations in India  representing a major step towards Bekaert's Carbon Net Zero ambition.About BekaertBekaert's ambition is to be the leading partner for shaping the way we live and move  and to always do this in a way that is safe  smart  and sustainable. As a global market and technology leader in material science of steel wire transformation and coating technologies  Bekaertalso applies its expertise beyond steel to create new solutions with innovative materials and services for markets including new mobility  low-carbon construction  and green energy. Founded in 1880  with its headquarters in Belgium  Bekaert (Euronext Brussels  BEKB) is a global company whose 27 000 employees worldwide together generated € 5.9 billion in combined revenue in 2021.About Bekaert's sustainability strategy and progressBekaert is making significant progress in delivering on the company's sustainability strategy. This includes transformational improvements of the business portfolio through the development and offering of sustainable solutions  a clear step-up of the health & safety performance  the active engagement of employees and business partners across the supply chain  the responsible use of materials and energy  and much more. By actively investing in renewable energy facilities  Bekaert contributes to expanding the capacity  reaching the emission reduction targets  and accelerating the energy transition required to reduce climate change and its impact.Recent publicationsRecent publications on Bekaert's investments in renewable energy facilities:Page 1 of 2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Third PPA', '60% CO2 reduction', 'Bekaert India', 'indirect greenhouse gas emissions', 'third Power Purchase Agreement', 'three renewable energy facilities', 'Carbon Net Zero ambition', 'new renewable energy projects', 'emission reduction targets', 'renewable energy sources', 'total CO2 reduction', 'renewable energy supply', 'steel wire transformation', 'green energy capacity', '10 MWp solar farm', 'carbon emissions', 'renewable sources', '60% CO2 reduction', 'earlier projects', 'energy efficiency', 'new solutions', 'new mobility', 'energy transition', 'sustainability ambition', 'supply chain', 'Third PPA', 'major step', 'leading partner', 'global market', 'technology leader', 'material science', 'coating technologies', 'low-carbon construction', 'Euronext Brussels', 'combined revenue', 'sustainability strategy', 'transformational improvements', 'business portfolio', 'sustainable solutions', 'clear step-up', 'safety performance', 'active engagement', 'business partners', 'responsible use', 'climate change', 'Recent publications', 'innovative materials', 'significant progress', 'global company', 'Bekaert India', '14 MWp', 'operations', 'line', 'action', 'proportion', 'investment', 'addition', 'electricity', 'year-end', 'way', 'Bekaertalso', 'expertise', 'services', 'markets', 'headquarters', 'Belgium', 'BEKB', '27 000 employees', 'development', 'offering', 'health', 'impact', 'Page', '22.5']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-SA-Board-of-Directors-of-Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-resolves-to-propose-a-di-42931936/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a dividend of 1.44 euros per share to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word: DividendSartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a dividend of 1.44 euros per share to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 08-Feb-20…,Aubagne  February 8  2023Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a dividend of 1.44 euros per share to the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingThe Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. resolved at today’s meeting to submit a proposal to the combined Annual Shareholders' Meeting to be held on March 27  2023  to pay a dividend of 1.44 euros per share for fiscal 2022  up from 1.26 euros per share a year earlier. Under this proposal  the total distributed profit would be 132.7 million euros.The Board of Directors also approved the decision to submit to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting the 2022 results of Sartorius Stedim Biotech which had already been published on a preliminary basis on January 26  2023.This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The original French press release is the legally binding version.Financial calendarFebruary 17  2023 Publication of the 2022 Annual ReportMarch 27  2023 Annual Shareholders' MeetingApril 20  2023 Publication of first-quarter figures (January to March 2023)July 21  2023 Publication of first-half figures (January to June 2023)October 19  2023 Publication of nine-month figures (January to September 2023)A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a total solutions provider  the company helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. Headquartered in Aubagne  France  the shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. With its own manufacturing and R&D sites in Europe  North America and Asia and an international network of sales companies  Sartorius Stedim Biotech has a global reach. The Group has been annually growing by double digits on average and has been regularly expanding its portfolio by acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2022  the company employed roughly 12 000 people  and earned sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros.ContactPhilipp GrontzkiHead of External Communications+49 (0)551.308.5581philipp.grontzki@sartorius.comwww.sartorius.comFollow Sartorius Stedim Biotech on Twitter @Sartorius_Group and on LinkedIn.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Board', 'Directors', '1.44 euros', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'original French press release', ""combined Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'R&D sites', 'leading international partner', 'total solutions provider', 'biotech medications', '2022 Annual Report', 'The Group', 'international network', 'preliminary basis', 'future development', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'new information', 'future events', 'binding version', 'Financial calendar', 'first-quarter figures', 'first-half figures', 'nine-month figures', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Euronext Paris', 'North America', 'sales companies', 'global reach', 'double digits', 'complementary technologies', 'sales revenue', 'External Communications', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'Philipp Grontzki', '3.5 billion euros', '2022 results', '1.44 euros', '1.26 euros', 'Aubagne', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'today', 'proposal', 'March', 'fiscal', 'profit', 'decision', 'January', 'forward', 'uncertainties', 'liability', 'light', 'correctness', 'legally', 'Publication', 'April', 'July', 'June', 'October', 'September', 'profile', 'company', 'customers', 'France', 'shares', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', '12,000 people', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Twitter', 'Sartorius_Group', 'LinkedIn']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-Board-of-Directors-of-Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-resolves-to-propose-a-d--42932175/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Sartorius Stedim Biotech : Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a d...,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release     Aubagne  February 8  2023   Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a dividend of 1.44 euros per share to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting   The Board of Directors of Sartorius…,Aubagne  February 8  2023Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech resolves to propose a dividend of 1.44 euros per share to the Annual Shareholders' MeetingThe Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. resolved at today's meeting to submit a proposal to the combined Annual Shareholders' Meeting to be held on March 27  2023  to pay a dividend of 1.44 euros per share for fiscal 2022  up from 1.26 euros per share a year earlier. Under this proposal  the total distributed profit would be 132.7 million euros.The Board of Directors also approved the decision to submit to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting the 2022 results of Sartorius Stedim Biotech which had already been published on a preliminary basis on January 26  2023.This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The original French press release is the legally binding version.Financial calendar February 17  2023 Publication of the 2022 Annual Report March 27  2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting April 20  2023 Publication of first-quarter figures (January to March 2023) July 21  2023 Publication of first-half figures (January to June 2023) October 19  2023 Publication of nine-month figures (January to September 2023)A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a total solutions provider  the company helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. Headquartered in Aubagne  France  the shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. With its own manufacturing and R&D sites in Europe  North America and Asia and an international network of sales companies  Sartorius Stedim Biotech has a global reach. The Group has been annually growing by double digits on average and has been regularly expanding its portfolio by acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2022  the company employed roughly 12 000 people  and earned sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech', 'Board', 'Directors', 'd...', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'original French press release', ""combined Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'R&D sites', 'leading international partner', 'total solutions provider', 'biotech medications', '2022 Annual Report', 'The Group', 'international network', 'preliminary basis', 'future development', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'new information', 'future events', 'binding version', 'Financial calendar', 'first-quarter figures', 'first-half figures', 'nine-month figures', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Euronext Paris', 'North America', 'sales companies', 'global reach', 'double digits', 'complementary technologies', 'sales revenue', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', '3.5 billion euros', '2022 results', '1.44 euros', '1.26 euros', 'Aubagne', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'today', 'proposal', 'March', 'fiscal', 'profit', 'decision', 'January', 'uncertainties', 'liability', 'light', 'correctness', 'legally', 'Publication', 'April', 'July', 'June', 'October', 'September', 'profile', 'company', 'customers', 'France', 'shares', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', '12,000 people']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOTALENERGIES-SE-4717/news/TotalEnergies-Indicative-ex-dividend-dates-for-2024-dividend-42925857/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,TotalEnergies: Indicative ex-dividend dates for 2024 dividend,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:TotalEnergies :The Board of Directors met on February 7  2023 and decided that  subject to decisions by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting which will approve the 2024 financial statements  allocation…,Regulatory News:TotalEnergies (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE):The Board of Directors met on February 7  2023 and decided that  subject to decisions by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting which will approve the 2024 financial statements  allocation of earnings and final dividend  the ex-dividend dates of the interim and the final dividends for 2024 will be as follows:Type of coupon Ex-dividend dates First interim September 25  2024 Second interim January 2  2025 Third interim March 26  2025 Final June 19  2025The above ex-dividend dates relate to the TotalEnergies shares listed on the Euronext.About TotalEnergiesTotalEnergies is a global multi-energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. Our more than 100 000 employees are committed to energy that is ever more affordable  cleaner  more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Active in more than 130 countries  TotalEnergies puts sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people.@TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergiesCautionary NoteThe terms “TotalEnergies”  “TotalEnergies company” or “Company” in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities. This document may contain forward-looking information and statements that are based on a number of economic data and assumptions made in a given economic  competitive and regulatory environment. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement  objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Information concerning risk factors  that may affect TotalEnergies’ financial results or activities is provided in the most recent Universal Registration Document  the French-language version of which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French securities regulator Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  and in the Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230208005420/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.16,0.6,True,English,"['Indicative ex-dividend dates', 'TotalEnergies', '2024 dividend', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'recent Universal Registration Document', 'French securities regulator', 'United States Securities', 'TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies', 'global multi-energy company', 'separate legal entities', 'TotalEnergies shares', 'TotalEnergies company', 'TotalEnergies SE', 'Regulatory News', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'final dividend', 'ex-dividend dates', 'Final June', 'natural gas', 'green gases', 'sustainable development', 'Cautionary Note', 'economic data', 'economic, competitive', 'regulatory environment', 'risk factors', 'financial results', 'French-language version', 'Exchange Commission', 'source version', 'interim September', 'Second interim', 'Third interim', 'consolidated entities', 'forward-looking information', 'new information', '2024 financial statements', 'many people', 'future events', 'Paris', 'TTE', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'decisions', 'allocation', 'earnings', 'Type', 'coupon', 'Euronext', 'markets', 'oil', 'biofuels', 'renewables', 'electricity', '100,000 employees', 'cleaner', '130 countries', 'dimensions', 'heart', 'projects', 'operations', 'well-being', 'terms', 'words', 'shareholding', 'number', 'assumptions', 'subsidiaries', 'obligation', 'objectives', 'trends', 'activities', 'AMF', 'businesswire']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHELL-PLC-130945922/news/Director-PDMR-Shareholding-42927088/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com) NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE EU AND UK MARKET ABUSE REGIMES February 08  2023 Shell plc announces that on February 06  202…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE EU AND UK MARKET ABUSE REGIMESFebruary 08  2023Shell plc (the “Company”) announces that on February 06  2023  Bram Schot  a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (“PDMR”) has disposed of 150 Leonteq Express Euro Denominated Certificates on ING  Shell  Unilever (ISIN: CH0470808913)  with a nominal value of €1 000 each. These certificates are cash settlement instruments of which payment of a conditional coupon depends for 1/3 on the development of the price of the Shell Shares on Euronext Amsterdam and  as such  is a financial instrument linked to the Shell Shares.1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated First Name(s) Bram Last Name(s) Schot 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Non-executive Director Initial notification/amendments Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor Full name of the entity Shell plc Legal Entity Identifier code 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU704. Details of the transaction(s) section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument  (ii) each type of transaction  (iii) each date  (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted Description of the financial instrument Leonteq Express Euro Denominated Certificates on ING  Shell  Unilever with a nominal value of €1 000 each; a financial instrument linked to Shell Shares Identification Code CH0470808913 Nature of the transaction Disposal of Leonteq Express Euro Denominated Certificates on ING  Shell  Unilever (ISIN: CH0470808913)  with a nominal value of €1 000 each. Currency EUR Price €1007.70 Volume 150 (with a nominal value of €1 000 each) Total €151 155.00 Aggregated informationVolumePriceTotal150 (with a nominal value of €1 000 each)€1007.70€151 155.00 Date of transaction February 06  2023 Place of transaction Outside of trading venueAnthony ClarkeDeputy Company SecretaryENQUIRIESShell Media RelationsInternational  UK  European Press: +44 20 7934 5550LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'notification Position/status Non-executive Director Initial notification/amendments', 'Shell plc Legal Entity Identifier code', '150 Leonteq Express Euro Denominated Certificates', 'ENQUIRIES Shell Media Relations International', 'emission allowance market participant', 'information Volume Price Total', 'Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities', 'Additional regulated information', 'cash settlement instruments', 'Deputy Company Secretary', 'Bram Last Name', 'Identification Code', 'UK MARKET', 'Shell Shares', 'First Name', 'Full name', 'Bram Schot', 'nominal value', 'conditional coupon', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'trading venue', 'Anthony Clarke', 'European Press', 'LEI number', 'Member State', 'financial instrument', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'PERSONS', 'ACCORDANCE', 'THE', 'REQUIREMENTS', 'REGIMES', 'February', 'PDMR', 'Unilever', 'payment', '1/3', 'development', 'Details', 'Reason', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'Disposal', 'ISIN', 'Currency', 'Classification', 'laws']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Announces-Closing-of-Global-Offering-and-Exercise-of-Underwriters-Option-to-Purchase-Addi-42923965/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Cellectis Announces Closing of Global Offering and Exercise of Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional Shares,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 -- Cellectis S.A.   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today: the initial closing on February 7  2023 of the …,NEW YORK  Feb. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis S.A. (“Cellectis” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today:the initial closing on February 7  2023 of the previously announced underwritten global offering by way of a capital increase of 8 800 000 American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”)  each representing the right to receive one ordinary share of Cellectis  nominal value €0.05 per share (the “Global Offering”)  which launched on February 2  2023; andthe exercise by the underwriters  Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc.  of their option (the “Option”) to purchase an additional 1 107 800 ordinary shares (the “Additional Ordinary Shares”) of the Company to be delivered in the form of an aggregate of 1 107 800 ADSs (the “Additional ADSs”).The Additional ADSs will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CLLS”  and the Company’s Additional Ordinary Shares will be listed on Euronext Growth in Paris under the symbol “ALCLS”. The closing of the Option is expected to occur on February 8  2023  subject to customary closing conditions.Following the Global Offering and Option exercise  the total number of ordinary shares issued in the form of ADSs amounts to 9 907 800  bringing the gross proceeds of the Global Offering and Option to the Company to approximately $24 769 500 (€22 695 162.18) and the aggregate net proceeds to the Company  after deducting underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses  to approximately $22 783 330 (€20 875 325.27).Jefferies LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the Global Offering.The Company plans to use (i) approximately $17.0 million (€15.6 million) of the net proceeds of the Global Offering to fund the continued clinical development of UCART 123  UCART22  UCART20x22  and UCARTCS1  and (ii) any remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes.Based on the planned use of proceeds from the Global Offering and Option  Cellectis believes that its cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations (including payments it expects to receive pursuant to collaboration agreements and anticipated government funding of research programs  but excluding any potential borrowings under the Company’s finance contract with European Investment Bank) will be sufficient to fund Cellectis’ operations into Q2 2024.The offering price of $2.50 per Additional ADS  corresponding to an offering price of €2.29 per Additional Ordinary Share (based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0914 as published by Bloomberg on February 2  2023)  was equal to the volume weighted average price of Cellectis’ ordinary shares on Euronext Growth in Paris over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e.  January 31 and February 1 and 2  2023)  minus a discount of 20%  and was determined by Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis  which was approved at the combined meeting of the Company’s shareholders held on June 28  2022.The partial exercise of the Option is part of stabilization activities carried out since the announcement of Cellectis' Global Offering. The stabilization period is now closed.The ADSs and the Additional ADSs are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-265826) relating to the securities to be issued in the Global Offering (including the Option)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on June 24  2022 and subsequently declared effective on July 7  2022.The Global Offering and the Option were made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and a final preliminary prospectus relating to the Global Offering and the Option were filed with the SEC on February 2  2023 and are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10022 or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; or Barclays Capital Inc.  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  or by telephone (888) 603-5847 or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities  and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Cellectis’ intended use of proceeds from the Global Offering and the Option and projected cash runway. Words such as “anticipates ” “believes ” “expects ” “intends ” “projects ” “anticipates ” and  “future” or ” “can ” “could ”  “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ”  “scheduled ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  such as: market conditions  including the trading price and volatility of Cellectis’ ADSs and ordinary shares  and risks related to Cellectis’ business and financial performance. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Cellectis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Cellectis assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth in Paris (ticker: ALCLS).CONTACT:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares or ADSs in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)) and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) in accordance with Articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D. 411-4 and D. 744-1  D. 754-1 and D. 764-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member State.This document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.MIFID II product governance / Retail investors  professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the new shares has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the new shares is retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/UE  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the new shares to retail investors  eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the new shares (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the new shares (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt  even if the target market includes retail investors  the manufacturers have decided that the new shares will be offered  as part of the initial offering  only to eligible counterparties and professional clients.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Global Offering', ""Underwriters' Option"", 'Additional Shares', 'Cellectis', 'Closing', 'Exercise', 'other general corporate purposes', 'last three trading sessions', 'Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'joint book-running managers', 'continued clinical development', 'European Investment Bank', 'safe harbor” provisions', '8,800,000 American Depositary Shares', 'Barclays Capital Inc.', 'final preliminary prospectus', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'final prospectus supplement', 'one ordinary share', 'additional 1,107,800 ordinary shares', 'Additional Ordinary Shares', 'customary closing conditions', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'Cellectis S.A.', 'Cellectis’ ordinary shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'The Global Offering', 'aggregate net proceeds', ""Cellectis' Global Offering"", 'capital increase', 'working capital', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Additional ADS', '520 Madison Avenue', 'offering expenses', 'offering price', 'The ADSs', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'initial closing', 'nominal value', 'total number', 'gross proceeds', 'underwriting commissions', 'planned use', 'collaboration agreements', 'government funding', 'research programs', 'potential borrowings', 'finance contract', 'exchange rate', 'average price', '17th resolution', 'combined meeting', 'stabilization activities', 'stabilization period', 'Exchange Commission', '2nd Floor', 'press release', 'Special Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Private Securiti', 'Jefferies LLC', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flow', 'partial exercise', 'Form F-3', 'Cellectis’ operations', 'sec.gov', 'securities laws', 'Option exercise', '1,107,800 ADSs', 'Feb.', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'February', 'way', 'right', 'underwriters', 'symbol', 'Paris', 'UCART', 'remainder', 'payments', 'Q2', 'Bloomberg', 'volume', 'pricing', 'January', 'discount', 'shareholders', 'June', 'announcement', 'July', 'means', 'website', 'Copies', 'Attention', 'telephone', 'email', 'Prospectus_Department', 'Edgewood', 'Barclaysprospectus', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'qualification', 'meaning']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-Announces-Russian-Regulatory-Approval-for-Sale-of-Its-Operations-42925142/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,VEON Announces Russian Regulatory Approval for Sale of Its Operations,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  Netherlands  8 February 2023 08:00 CET – VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that approval has been received from Russian regulatory bodies for the pro…,Amsterdam  Netherlands  8 February 2023 08:00 CET – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that approval has been received from Russian regulatory bodies for the proposed sale of its Russian operations.Kaan Terzioğlu  CEO of VEON Group  said: “We believe the sale of our Russian business represents the optimal solution for VEON  its Russian operations  and all stakeholders  including customers  shareholders  creditors  and employees both in and outside of Russia. We are pleased to have reached this significant milestone in the transaction  which is expected to be accretive to equity  reduce VEON's debt  and improve its credit profile.”On February 7th  2023  the Sub-Commission of the Government Commission for Control over Foreign Investments in the Russian Federation issued its approval of the proposed sale of VEON’s Russian operations to certain senior members of the management of PJSC VimpelCom  led by its current CEO Alexander Torbakhov  subject to certain conditions.The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service has already authorized the transaction  and it is anticipated that the remaining closing conditions will be satisfied and that  as previously communicated  the transaction will complete on or before 1 June 2023.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact informationVEONGroup Communication Senior ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.16,0.64,True,English,"['Russian Regulatory Approval', 'VEON', 'Sale', 'Operations', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service', 'VEON Group Communication Senior Manager', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Director Investor Relations', 'global digital operator', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian regulatory bodies', 'remaining closing conditions', 'senior members', 'Russian operations', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'optimal solution', 'significant milestone', 'credit profile', 'Government Commission', 'Foreign Investments', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'Alexander Torbakhov', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'requisite approvals', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'current CEO', '200 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd.', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'NASDAQ', 'sale', 'stakeholders', 'shareholders', 'creditors', 'employees', 'transaction', 'equity', 'debt', 'February', 'Sub-Commission', 'Control', 'management', '1 June', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'forward', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'Elements', '08']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-42932926/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 8 Feb 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"8 Feb 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 1 and 7 February 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 232 530 on 7 February 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €4 647m and €815m in FY-21.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €4 647m and €815m in FY-21. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of more than 23% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 239m and €103m in FY-21.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of more than 23% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 239m and €103m in FY-21. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2.0bn and EBITDA of €246m in FY-21.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2.0bn and EBITDA of €246m in FY-21. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"".(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €122m and €12m in FY-21.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €122m and €12m in FY-21. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 37 sites which generated €21.7m net rental income in FY-21. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.04,0.13,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Immo"", ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', 'Feb', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'EBITDA', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual', 'groups']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603426/0/en/Cancellation-of-Euro-Shares-Held-in-Treasury.html,Cancellation of Euro Shares Held in Treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under...,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 9 611 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to 12 297 858 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 424 152 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 424 152 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 February 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,mixed,0.08,0.19,0.73,True,English,"['Euro Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,858 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,424,152 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 February', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
18015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TF1-4714/news/TF1-A-WINNER-AT-THE-FRENCH-FILM-AWARDS-42923394/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,TF1 : A WINNER AT THE FRENCH FILM AWARDS,(marketscreener.com)   [07.02.23] PRESS RELEASE   TF1 GROUP A WINNER AT THE FRENCH FILM AWARDS   At the 30th French Film Trophy awards  held this evening at the Hotel Intercontinental Paris Le Grand  TF1 group - which has partnered the event for over …,[07.02.23] PRESS RELEASETF1 GROUP A WINNER AT THE FRENCH FILM AWARDSAt the 30th French Film Trophy awards  held this evening at the Hotel Intercontinental Paris Le Grand  TF1 group - which has partnered the event for over 10 years - was the proud winner of three prizes.The awards ceremony  hosted by Hélène Mannarino  was attended by industry insiders and stars from the French film and TV world.The TF1 group  via its subsidiary TF1 Films Production  won the awards for Best French Film (Trophée du film français) and the Unifrance Trophy for Qu'est-cequ'on a tous fait au bon dieu?  directed by Philippe de Chauveron and starring Christian Clavier and Chantal Lauby.And the film Maison de retraite  a TF1 Films Production co-production directed by Thomas Gilou and starring Kev Adams and Gérard Depardieu  won the TF1 Audience Award (Trophée du public TF1)  chosen from the 10 French films with the most box-office entries in 2022.TF1 group is proud to have co-produced (via its TF1 Films Production subsidiary) these films  which with over two-million box office entries were two of the most iconic French films of 2022.This partnership is further testimony to our support for the French creative sector and film industry.About TF1 groupTF1 group is a major player in the production  publication and distribution of contentOur raison d'être: to positively inspire society. Our operations are split between two divisions:The Media division is home to our free-to-air channels (TF1  TMC  TFX  TF1 Séries Films  LCI)  our theme channels (Ushuaia TV  Histoire TV  TV Breizh  Série Club)  our on-demand content platforms (MYTF1  TFOU MAX and Salto)  and the TF1 PUB advertising airtime sales house. We also operate in music production and live shows with Muzeek One.The Production division  with Newen Studios  is home to 40 creative companies and labels in France and abroad. The division creates and distributes programmes across all genres and for all media industry players  from public-service and private-sector broadcasters to online platforms.TF1 group has operations in around 10 countries  and employed 3 380 people as of 31 December 2021. In 2021  the Group generated revenue of €2 427m (Euronext Paris  compartment A: ISIN FR0000054900).CONTACTS :VP COMMUNICATION AND BRANDS - Maylis CARCABAL - mcarcabal@tf1.fr - +33 (0)6 63 59 87 05PARTNERSHIPS - Anne BAUREZ - abaurez@tf1.fr - +33 (0)6 62 03 53 84HEAD OF COMMUNICATION - BUSINESS  INNOVATION  DIGITAL & CSR - Jonathan Moysan - jmoysant@tf1.fr - +33 (0)6 78 01 23 72Legal information: Télévision Française 1 - TF1 société anonyme with capital of €42 097 127.RCS Nanterre 326 300 159 - 1 quai du Point du Jour 92656 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex  France.This document is certified by Wiztrust,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['FRENCH FILM AWARDS', 'A WINNER', 'TF1', 'THE', 'PRESS RELEASE TF1 GROUP A WINNER', 'Hotel Intercontinental Paris Le Grand', 'Télévision Française', '30th French Film Trophy awards', 'Hélène Mannarino', 'two-million box office entries', 'film Maison de retraite', 'TF1 Séries Films', 'subsidiary TF1 Films Production', 'TF1 Films Production subsidiary', 'film français', 'TF1 société', 'Philippe de Chauveron', 'Série Club', 'Best French Film', 'Gérard Depardieu', 'TF1 Audience Award', 'iconic French films', 'MYTF1, TFOU MAX', 'airtime sales house', 'Point du Jour', 'FRENCH FILM AWARDS', 'French creative sector', 'media industry players', 'The TF1 group', 'The Media division', 'demand content platforms', 'The Production division', 'proud winner', '10 French films', 'compartment A', 'Unifrance Trophy', 'Euronext Paris', 'film industry', 'box-office entries', 'TF1 PUB', 'awards ceremony', 'music production', '40 creative companies', 'online platforms', 'industry insiders', 'three prizes', 'Trophée', 'bon dieu', 'Christian Clavier', 'Chantal Lauby', 'Thomas Gilou', 'Kev Adams', 'public TF', 'major player', 'two divisions', 'air channels', 'theme channels', 'live shows', 'Muzeek One', 'Newen Studios', 'private-sector broadcasters', 'Maylis CARCABAL', 'Anne BAUREZ', 'Jonathan Moysan', 'Legal information', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex', 'TV world', 'Ushuaia TV', 'TV Breizh', 'VP COMMUNICATION', 'event', '10 years', 'stars', 'Qu', 'partnership', 'testimony', 'support', 'publication', 'distribution', 'raison', 'society', 'operations', 'TMC', 'TFX', 'LCI', 'Salto', 'labels', 'programmes', 'genres', 'public-service', '10 countries', '3,380 people', '31 December', 'revenue', 'ISIN', 'CONTACTS', 'BRANDS', 'mcarcabal', 'abaurez', '1.fr', 'HEAD', 'BUSINESS', 'INNOVATION', 'DIGITAL', 'CSR', 'jmoysant', 'capital', 'document', 'Wiztrust']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-Hellenic-Cables-signs-a-new-submarine-interconnection-project-in-the--42932927/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,Cenergy S A : Hellenic Cables signs a new submarine interconnection project in the...,(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  8 February 2023   Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  following the successful completion of another 110kV submarine cables contract in 2022  signed a second one with the contractor Končar G…,"Brussels  8 February 2023Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  following the successful completion of another 110kV submarine cables contract in 2022  signed a second one with the contractor Končar Group for the supply of approx. 30 Km 110 kV High Voltage submarine cables  accessories  and related services as part of a project by the Croatian Transmission System Operator (HOPS) to replace outdated cable lines in the Adriatic Sea.Hellenic Cables is excited to continue being part of this strategic project in Croatia  which secures the energy supply of the islands Hvar  Korčula  Cres  and Lošinj in the Adriatic Sea while also making a significant environmental contribution by reducing the environmental footprint of the Adriatic islands.Cables production will start in 2023 and is expected to be completed by February 2024 at Hellenic Cables' state-of-the-art submarine cable production facility in Corinth  Greece.Mr. Alexis Alexiou  CEO of Cenergy Holdings and Hellenic Cables commented: ""We are pleased that Končar trusts us and chooses us again as a reliable supplier contributing to Croatia's energy transition"".Mr. Gordan Planinić  MOB of Končar - Engineering Ltd. for production and services commented: ""For the second time  we have chosen Hellenic Cables as a partner in a strategic project in Croatia which will connect Croatian islands Hvar  Korčula  Cres  and Lošinj with new 110 kV HV cables. This enables  above all  to maintain the security of supply of customers on the Adriatic islands as well as a significant environmental contribution to the preservation of the cleanliness of the Adriatic Sea"".About Končar GroupKONČAR began writing its history nearly 102 years ago; today  they are globally recognized as KONČAR Group  the regional leader in power engineering solutions  power transmission and distribution  rail vehicles and infrastructure  as well as digital solutions and platforms. KONČAR has made a tremendous contribution to the domestic industry  while achieving references across 130 global markets. In our century of excellence  we have delivered hundreds of thousands of solutions  products and services. Power grids have been experiencing great changes  especially in terms of accommodating new renewable energy sources. In this segment  KONČAR delivers important components  and we should highlight our flagship products - transformers  which account for 90% of our exports. We continuously develop segments which provide the highest added value - wind  solar and hydro energy. KONČAR has pivoted to further development of technologies and products that will combine green and smart to enable our partners to keep up with the global initiative and direction in the power engineering field.About Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Corinth Pipeworks and Hellenic Cables  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the oil and gas sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables for the aforementioned sectors. For more information  please visit our website at www.cenergyholdings.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['new submarine interconnection project', 'Cenergy S A', 'Hellenic Cables', '30 Km 110 kV High Voltage submarine cables', 'new 110 kV HV cables', 'respective high growth sectors', '110kV submarine cables contract', 'new renewable energy sources', 'submarine cable production facility', 'Croatian Transmission System Operator', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', 'outdated cable lines', 'largest cable producers', 'Mr. Alexis Alexiou', 'Mr. Gordan Planinić', 'highest added value', 'Belgian holding company', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'steel pipe manufacturing', 'steel hollow sections', 'growing global demand', 'significant environmental contribution', 'leading industrial companies', 'power engineering field', 'Končar Group', 'power engineering solutions', 'power transmission', 'Cables production', 'Croatian islands', 'environmental footprint', 'Engineering Ltd.', 'tremendous contribution', 'data transmission', 'Hellenic Cables', 'telecom cables', 'energy transition', 'hydro energy', 'energy transfer', '130 global markets', 'global initiative', 'Power grids', 'successful completion', 'second one', 'Adriatic Sea', 'Korčula', 'Lošinj', 'reliable supplier', 'second time', 'regional leader', 'rail vehicles', 'digital solutions', 'domestic industry', 'great changes', 'important components', 'world leader', 'gas sector', 'major producer', 'construction sector', 'Adriatic islands', 'energy supply', 'strategic project', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related services', 'flagship products', '8 February', 'segment', 'contractor', 'accessories', 'part', 'HOPS', 'Hvar', 'Cres', 'Greece', 'CEO', 'MOB', 'security', 'customers', 'preservation', 'cleanliness', 'history', 'distribution', 'infrastructure', 'platforms', 'references', 'century', 'excellence', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'terms', 'transformers', 'exports', 'wind', 'solar', 'development', 'technologies', 'direction', 'renewables', 'forefront', 'oil', 'Europe', 'information', 'website']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18017,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2603611/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-the-successful-completion-of-pre-clinical-studies-with-its-second-generation-DSR-product-for-congestive-heart-failure.html,Sequana Medical announces the successful completion of pre-clinical studies with its second-generation DSR product for congestive heart failure,PRESS RELEASE    Data from GLPi animal studies demonstrate safety of second-generation DSRii product (DSR 2.0)Data from Phase 1 study of DSR 2.0 in...,"PRESS RELEASEData from GLP i animal studies demonstrate safety of second-generation DSR ii product (DSR 2.0)Data from Phase 1 stud y of DSR 2.0 in Mexico (CHIHUAHUA) and IND iii filing to US FDA expected in Q1 2023Planning to start MOJAVE  a US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023Ghent  Belgium – 08 February 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces the successful completion of its GLP animal studies  demonstrating the safety of its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0)  following chronic exposure. These animal data  together with the data from the Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA study  are intended to support the US IND filing of DSR 2.0. FDA approval of the US IND will enable the Company to start MOJAVE  its randomized  controlled  multi-center Phase 1/2a US study of DSR 2.0  planned for Q2 2023.The GLP studies were conducted on 30 healthy mice and 18 healthy sheep. Each animal study comprised of three study groups which included one control group using standard peritoneal dialysis (PD) solution and two test groups using Sequana Medical’s proprietary DSR 2.0 product. The test groups consisted of one group being given the anticipated maximum standard dose and one group being given double of the maximum dose. The mice were exposed for 30 days  resembling their average life time  and the sheep were exposed for up to 45 days.The purpose of these GLP studies was to evaluate the chronic exposure of DSR 2.0 on animal health and tissue of peritoneum  kidneys  omentum  and peritoneal cavity. Data from both studies reported that no difference in systemic and local toxic effects were observed in animals treated repeatedly with DSR 2.0  compared to animals in the control group  concluding that DSR 2.0 had consistent safety with the standard PD solution.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer at Sequana Medical  commented: “We are pleased to see these positive animal data of our second-generation DSR product  which is designed to deliver therapeutic and safety benefits over the first-generation DSR product. We have previously reported impressive clinical results from the SAHARA study with DSR 1.0 as a potential disease-modifying heart failure therapy  and we look forward to commencing MOJAVE  the first randomized controlled multi-center study in the US using DSR 2.0.”On track to start M OJAVE with DSR 2.0 in Q2 2023The Company is progressing the development of its proprietary DSR 2.0 product  a sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution expected to have an improved therapeutic and favourable safety profile  and robust intellectual property protection. Two ongoing Phase 1 interventional  single-centre  single-arm studies  one in Canada (YUKON) and one in Mexico (CHIHUAHUA)  are evaluating the safety  tolerability and efficacy of DSR 2.0 and are expected to each enroll up to ten stable peritoneal dialysis patients to receive a single treatment of DSR 2.0  administered through their peritoneal dialysis catheter. The choice of peritoneal dialysis patients is driven by their pre-existing peritoneal dialysis catheter. Data from the GLP animal and Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA studies are intended to support the filing of the US IND  planned for Q1 2023.Following several initial discussions with the FDA  MOJAVE  a randomized controlled Phase 1/2a US study of DSR 2.0  is on track to start in Q2 2023  assuming FDA approval of the US IND application. The intention is to enrol 30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion  with 20 patients randomized to DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of usual care for congestive heart failure (CHF) for up to four weeks and ten patients randomized to intravenous loop diuretic treatment as part of maximized usual care for CHF alone. Following four weeks of treatment  there will be a three-month safety follow-up period. Prior to enrolment of these 30 patients  the intention is for three additional patients to be enrolled in a non-randomized safety cohort and to receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of CHF usual care for up to four weeks. Progression to the enrolment of the 30 randomized patients will be dependent upon DSMBiv approval following their review of the initial three patients. More details on the final study design will be announced following the FDA approval of the US IND application. Interim data of MOJAVE are expected in H2 2023 followed by top-line results in H2 2024.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About fluid overload in heart failure (AKA congestion)Heart failure is the leading cause of US hospitalizations in patients over 65 years old and 90% of these admissions are due to fluid overload  which is recognized as the primary driver of morbidity and hospitalization. Standard of care includes treatment with diuretic drugs  but these have well-recognized toxicity and resistance issues. Half of the heart failure patients admitted for fluid overload are discharged with no clinically relevant loss of fluid and one in four is re-admitted to the hospital within 30 days of discharge. It is estimated that 200 000 of US heart failure patients have drug-resistant congestion requiring repeated hospitalization  severely impacting their survival and quality of life and creating a heavy financial burden.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.i GLP: Good Laboratory Practicesii DSR: Direct Sodium Removaliii IND: Investigational New Drugiv DSMB: Data and Safety Monitoring BoardAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,mixed,0.37,0.1,0.53,True,English,"['second-generation DSR product', 'congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'successful completion', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Two ongoing Phase 1 interventional, single-centre, single-arm studies', 'US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study', 'randomized, controlled, multi-center Phase 1/2a US study', 'first randomized controlled multi-center study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'controlled Phase 1/2a US study', 'sodium-free dextrose / icodextrin solution', 'potential disease-modifying heart failure therapy', 'standard peritoneal dialysis (PD) solution', 'ten stable peritoneal dialysis patients', '30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'robust intellectual property protection', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'existing peritoneal dialysis catheter', 'intravenous loop diuretic treatment', 'second-generation DSR ii product', 'standard PD solution', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA study', 'two test groups', 'final study design', 'randomized safety cohort', 'three study groups', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA studies', 'congestive heart failure', 'average life time', 'local toxic effects', 'Oliver Gödje', 'several initial discussions', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'US IND application', 'maximum standard dose', 'three additional patients', 'initial three patients', 'impressive clinical results', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'favourable safety profile', 'second-generation DSR product', 'proprietary DSR 2.0 product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'The GLP studies', 'US IND filing', 'GLP animal studies', '30 randomized patients', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'one control group', 'positive animal data', 'animal study', 'CHF usual care', 'SAHARA study', 'ten patients', 'peritoneal catheter', 'US hospitalizations', 'peritoneal cavity', 'US FDA', 'chronic exposure', 'maximum dose', 'one group', 'top-line results', 'animal health', 'consistent safety', 'safety benefits', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'liver disease', 'successful completion', 'M OJAVE', 'single treatment', 'persistent congestion', 'four weeks', 'DSMBiv approval', 'More details', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'AKA congestion', 'leading cause', 'The Company', 'FDA approval', '30 healthy mice', '18 healthy sheep', 'improved therapeutic', 'Interim data', 'up to', '20 patients', '30 patients', 'Mexico', 'Q1', 'MOJAVE', 'Q2', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '08 February', 'pioneer', 'cancer', '30 days', '45 days', 'purpose', 'tissue', 'peritoneum', 'kidneys', 'omentum', 'difference', 'systemic', 'animals', 'track', 'development', 'Canada', 'YUKON', 'tolerability', 'efficacy', 'choice', 'intention', 'part', 'enrolment', 'Progression', 'review', 'H2', 'information', 'admissions', '44']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
18018,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603398/0/en/Believe-Hits-1-Billion-Digital-Music-Sales.html,Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music Sales,Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music Sales  Paris  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it...,"English FrenchBelieve Hits €1 Billion Digital Music SalesParis  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it has surpassed the milestone of €1bn of digital music sales (DMS1) for 2022  confirming the success of the Group’s model and commercial strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career.Believe’s Digital Music Sales (DMS) represent the recorded music digital sales of the artists supported by the Group  directly or through their labels. The milestone of €1bn yearly DMS in 2022 is a testament to Believe’s original vision and appeal to artists and labels as the best partner to accelerate their careers.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder & CEO  Believe  said  “We are proud to celebrate this milestone as a mark of Believe’s artists and labels’ continuous success. It is a tribute to the strength and passion of our two hearts: our artists  at all stages of their career  who create vibrant music that fans connect to and are inspired by  and our people  who put their digital expertise and technology at their service with respect  fairness and transparency. Our digital expertise and innovation  our deep relationships with our streaming partners have delivered great results for our artists and labels  helping them grow their audiences and their streams at a much faster rate than the market. Delivering best-in-class products and services to all artists  from DIY to established to top artists and shaping the future of the music industry by contributing to build strong  thriving and diverse local music ecosystems is what we stand for.”Believe supports over 1 million artists at all stages of their careers worldwide. Music creators and self-releasing artists benefit from TuneCore’s services to develop their audiences across more than 150 stores via Believe’s Automated Solutions offering. Believe’s Premium Solutions services include Label & Artist Solutions  which supports labels and mid-level to established artists through distribution and light touch marketing  and Artist Services that also provides marketing and promotion strategy and execution to top artists.This multi-tier offering  along with outstanding expert teams  best-in-class proprietary technology and strong long-term partnerships with digital service providers  allows Believe’s artists and labels to monetize their music at best at all stages of their development. The Group thus contributes to building a diverse  equitable and healthy music ecosystem where all local artists and labels can build sustainable careers in the digital world.Lyor Cohen  Global Head of Music  YouTube  commented: ""This milestone is huge! It is yet another sign of Believe's commitment to build a sustainable digital ecosystem for every artist in the world -- a mission that we not only honor but also share through our long term partnership. We are proud to work alongside Believe and look forward to continuing to innovate together  bringing music to fans everywhere. Congratulations!“Jeremy Erlich  Vice President & Global Head of Music  Spotify  commented: “Believe is a valued partner and we congratulate them on this incredible milestone. Enabling artists to live off their work is core to our mission at Spotify  and we’re proud to have played a part in helping Believe artists find  connect with  and grow their fan bases around the world.”Rishi Mirchandani  Vice President  Licensing and Strategy  Amazon Music  commented: “We are proud to work with Believe and provide more opportunities for artists around the world to grow their careers and audiences. Congratulations to Believe for this milestone  and we look forward to finding more ways for artists and labels to share and promote music together.”=======About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them with the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comPress contacts:Manon JESSUA – manon.jessua@believe.comYousr ABASSI – yousr.abassi@agenceproches.com | Cell: +33 6 99 45 48 64Investor Relations contact:Emilie MEGEL – emilie.megel@believe.com | +33 6 07 09 98 60##1 DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'Believe', 'leading digital music companies', '1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'diverse local music ecosystems', 'outstanding expert teams', 'long term partnership', 'Investor Relations contact', 'social media platforms', 'music digital sales', 'strong long-term partnerships', 'sustainable digital ecosystem', 'digital store partners', 'healthy music ecosystem', 'digital music experts', 'unique digital expertise', 'light touch marketing', 'digital service providers', 'class proprietary technology', 'Automated Solutions offering', 'global technology platform', 'Premium Solutions services', '€1bn yearly DMS', 'diverse, equitable', 'streaming partners', 'class products', 'strong, thriving', 'multi-tier offering', 'vibrant music', 'music industry', 'Music creators', 'Amazon Music', 'Global Head', 'local artists', 'various solutions', 'digital world', 'English French', 'original vision', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'two hearts', 'deep relationships', 'great results', 'Lyor Cohen', 'Jeremy Erlich', 'Vice President', 'fan bases', 'Rishi Mirchandani', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'Press contacts', 'royalty payment', 'Artist Solutions', 'sustainable careers', 'commercial strategy', 'promotion strategy', 'best partner', 'continuous success', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Manon JESSUA', 'Yousr ABASSI', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'Artist Services', 'top artists', '1 million artists', 'self-releasing artists', 'independent artists', 'The Group', 'incredible milestone', '1 DMS', 'Believe', 'model', 'labels', 'stages', 'testament', 'appeal', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'tribute', 'strength', 'fans', 'people', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'innovation', 'audiences', 'streams', 'DIY', 'future', 'TuneCore', '150 stores', 'mid-level', 'distribution', 'execution', 'development', 'YouTube', 'sign', 'commitment', 'mission', 'Congratulations', 'Spotify', 'work', 'Licensing', 'opportunities', 'ways', '1,610 employees', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'agenceproches', 'Cell', 'revenue', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
18019,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABEO-SA-31408541/news/Abeo-Sa-ABEO-Revenue-up-17-1-and-order-intake-at-EUR-176-7m-for-the-9-months-ended-31-12-202-42921972/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Abeo Sa :  ABEO: Revenue up 17.1% and order intake at EUR 176.7m for the 9 months ended 31/12/2022,(marketscreener.com)  ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment  today announces its revenue and order intake for the first nine months of its 2022/23 financial year ended 31 December 2022.€mUnaudited2022/20232021/2022ChangeChange Q3.…,"ABEO  a world leader in sports and leisure equipment  today announces its revenue and order intake for the first nine months of its 2022/23 financial year ended 31 December 2022.€mUnaudited 2022/2023 2021/2022 Change Change (LFL1) Q3 revenue 55.4 52.2 +6.1% +3.7% Sports 29.6 27.3 +8.4% +4.0% Sportainment & Climbing 10.5 11.9 -11.5% -12.2% Changing Rooms 15.3 13.1 +17.2% +17.5% 9-month revenue 173.2 147.9 +17.1% +12.7% Sports 87.4 72.4 +20.7% +14.2% Sportainment & Climbing 37.4 31.9 +17.1% +11.3% Changing Rooms 48.4 43.6 +11.2% +11.2% YTD order intake (31/12)2 176.7 163.6 +8.0% +3.0%: refers to the change in revenue over a comparable period and at constant consolidation scope  excluding the impact of currency fluctuations. : non-financial data – to measure the sales momentum of its business activities  the Group uses the quantified amount of its order intake over a given period  inter alia. The sales momentum indicator represents the aggregate value of all orders booked over the relevant period  as compared to the same period for the previous financial year.The ABEO Group achieved Q3 2022/23 revenue of €55.4m  up 6.1%  including a 1.6% consolidation gain linked to the recent acquisition of Eurogym[1] and BigAirBag[2] and a 0.8% currency gain (appreciation of the US dollar). The Group posted a strong quarterly performance including 3.7% organic growth  despite the unstable economic environment.The Sports division maintained strong business volumes  posting revenue of €29.6m  up 8.4% (up 4.0% like-for-like)  which the division expects to amplify in Q4. The division continued its momentum in North America  particularly in the Gymnastics business.Sportainment & Climbing division revenue declined in Q3 following strong first half growth (H1 2022/23 up 34.1%) and a challenging comparison base (Q3 2021/22 up 43.6%)  particularly in North America. The division was impacted by longer negotiation time for projects  in a highly competitive market  for which the Group is currently adapting its offering. The European market remains well on track.Lastly  the Changing Rooms division posted strong Q3 revenue growth of 17.2%  confirming the robust sales momentum seen in the previous quarter across French and German markets.Accordingly  ABEO 2022/23 9-month revenue amounted to €173.2m  up 17.1% versus the same period last year. Organic growth for the period came to 12.7%  amplified by a 2.3% consolidation gain (consolidation of Eurogym and BigAirBag) and a 2.1% currency gain.Trends and outlookSales activity remained strong during the 9 months ended 31 December 2022  resulting in order intake of €176.7m for the period  up 8.0% (3.0% organic growth  3.5% acquisitions and a 1.5% currency gain) versus 9-month 2021/22 order intake.ABEO is in line with its roadmap for 2022/23 financial year and confirms its double-digit organic growth targets. Against a backdrop of increased inflationary pressure in the second half coupled with a highly competitive market environment  the Group is seeking the right balance between volume and operating margin  considering that Q4 tends to be a stronger period in terms of business and earnings.Over the medium term  the Group will benefit from the strong visibility gained by its Spieth America brand after its first appointment as official equipment supplier to major US national and international competitions by the American gymnastics federation (USA Gymnastics). This will be a new growth driver for ABEO's Sports division over the coming years.Lastly  ABEO expects business to gradually pick up in Asia as the market grinds back into action after the lifting of health restrictions in China.Next release16 May 2023 after close of trading 2022/23 annual revenueFind more at www.abeo-bourse.comABOUT ABEO ABEO is a major player in the sports and leisure market. The Group posted turnover of € 205.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2022  74% of which was generated outside France  and has 1 413 employees.ABEO is a designer  manufacturer and distributor of sports and leisure equipment. It also provides assistance in implementing projects to professional customers in the following sectors: specialised sports halls and clubs  leisure centres  education  local authorities  construction professionals  etc.ABEO has a unique global offering  and operates in a wide variety of market segments  including gymnastics apparatus and landing mats  team sports equipment  physical education  climbing walls  leisure equipment and changing room fittings. The Group has a portfolio of strong brands which partner sports federations and are featured at major sporting events  including the Olympic Games.ABEO (ISIN code: FR0013185857  ABEO) is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ContactsFor any questions relating to this press release or the ABEO Group  please contact ACTUS finance & communicationInvestor relations – Corinne Puissant investor@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77Press relations – Serena Boni presse@beo.fr Tel: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92[1] Consolidated on 01/11/2021[2] Consolidated on 01/06/2022This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mXBvk8qblWvIy3FrasdpZpOUbphnlmKbZZfHmpNraMqYmJ+VyG9kaZaeZnBpmWtn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78461-abeo_07022023_cat3_2022_23_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.23,0.55,True,English,"['order intake', 'Abeo Sa', 'Revenue', 'EUR', '9 months', 'double-digit organic growth targets', '9-month 2021/22 order intake', 'strong first half growth', 'strong Q3 revenue growth', 'strong quarterly performance', 'unstable economic environment', 'challenging comparison base', 'longer negotiation time', 'new growth driver', 'major sporting events', 'changing room fittings', 'Spieth America brand', '2022/23 financial year', 'American gymnastics federation', 'YTD order intake', 'official equipment supplier', 'major US national', '2022/23 annual revenue', 'first nine months', 'constant consolidation scope', 'unique global offering', 'strong business volumes', 'sales momentum indicator', 'previous financial year', 'robust sales momentum', 'The European market', 'competitive market environment', 'Changing Rooms division', 'The Sports division', 'Climbing division revenue', 'The ABEO Group', '3.7% organic growth', '3.0% organic growth', '9-month revenue', 'second half', 'strong visibility', 'first appointment', 'strong brands', 'financial data', 'major player', 'US dollar', 'previous quarter', 'Sales activity', 'North America', 'USA Gymnastics', 'gymnastics apparatus', 'leisure equipment', 'The Group', 'leisure market', 'market segments', 'Gymnastics business', 'world leader', 'currency fluctuations', 'quantified amount', 'aggregate value', '1.6% consolidation gain', 'recent acquisition', '0.8% currency gain', 'German markets', '2.3% consolidation gain', '2.1% currency gain', '1.5% currency gain', 'inflationary pressure', 'right balance', 'operating margin', 'medium term', 'international competitions', 'coming years', 'health restrictions', 'Next release', 'professional customers', 'following sectors', 'leisure centres', 'local authorities', 'construction professionals', 'wide variety', 'landing mats', 'Olympic Games', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment C.', 'press release', 'ACTUS finance', 'Investor relations', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Press relations', 'Serena Boni', 'sports equipment', 'business activities', 'climbing walls', 'comparable period', 'relevant period', 'same period', 'stronger period', 'sports halls', 'sports federations', 'physical education', 'Change Change', 'ABEO ABEO', '9 months', 'Sportainment', 'impact', 'orders', 'Eurogym', 'BigAirBag', 'appreciation', 'Q4.', 'projects', 'track', 'French', 'Trends', '3.5% acquisitions', 'line', 'roadmap', 'backdrop', 'terms', 'earnings', 'Asia', 'action', 'lifting', 'China', 'close', 'trading', 'bourse', 'turnover', 'France', '1,413 employees', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'distributor', 'assistance', 'clubs', 'team', 'portfolio', 'Contacts', 'questions', 'communication', '01/11', '33', '1 53']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18020,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-42914298/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1460 £ 23.9068 Estimated MTD return -0.50 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.24 % -2.13 % Estimated ITD return 171.46 % 139.07 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.22 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.52 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 10 411 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.9337 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.5512The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18021,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLOW-TRADERS-LTD-22852251/news/REPURCHASE-OF-SHARES-42933187/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230208,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,(marketscreener.com)  REPURCHASE OF SHARES Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. has repurchased 21 901 of its own shares in the period from 2 February 2023 up to and including 8 February 2023 at an average price of €23.56. This is in accordance wit…,REPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 21 901 of its own shares in the period from 2 February 2023 up to and including 8 February 2023 at an average price of €23.56.This is in accordance with the share buyback program originally announced on 22 July 2022 and subsequently increased as per the announcement made on 27 October 2022. The consideration of this purchase was €0.5 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 1 159 791 shares at an average price of €21.33 for a total consideration of €24.7 million.3 513 011 shares were held in treasury as at 8 February 2023.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.Jonathan Berger / Investor Relations OfficerPhone: +31 20 7996149Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5 (1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.34,0.47,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'Flow Traders Flow Traders', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'significant business, economic', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'other asset classes', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'share buyback program', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'intellectual property rights', 'other financial instruments', 'future business decisions', 'Flow Traders’ control', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'financial products', 'other factors', 'financial markets', 'Financial objectives', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Jonathan Berger', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'team-oriented culture', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'investment advice', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'internal objectives', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'future performance', 'operational performance', 'total consideration', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'competitive uncertainties', 'market circumstances', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '2 February', '8 February', 'accordance', '22 July', 'announcement', '27 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Phone', 'Email', 'flowtraders', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'investors', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'innovative', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'assumptions', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'contingencies']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,marketscreener.com
18022,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/meala-foodtech-secures-us1-9m-in-pre-seed-round-301741844.html,Meala FoodTech Secures US$1.9M in Pre-Seed Round,functional protein platform developer on mission to clean labels  improve plant-based foods HAIFA  Israel  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Start-up Meala FoodTech  Ltd.  the developer of a functional protein platform  announces the close of USD1.9M in pre-seed i…,"functional protein platform developer on mission to clean labels  improve plant-based foodsHAIFA  Israel  Feb. 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Start-up Meala FoodTech  Ltd.  the developer of a functional protein platform  announces the close of USD1.9M in pre-seed investment. The round was led by The Kitchen FoodTech Hub  part of The Strauss-Group and DSM Venturing (the corporate venture arm of the Dutch multinational Royal DSM); with participation of Milk & Honey Ventures  specializing in alt-protein investments DSM Venturing's contribution marks its third investment in the Israeli FoodTech ecosystem in 2022.While the plant-based category continues to gain momentum  alt-protein food formulators still struggle to improve the labels and mouthfeel of their products to match traditional  animal-based counterparts. Currently  popular meat alternatives such as veggie burgers and sausages  typically contain a long list of ingredients  some with complex chemical names unfamiliar to consumers.Meala FoodTech is on a mission to revolutionize the plant-based protein industry by developing new ingredients and processes that allow the creation of cleaner  better-for-you  products.Meala's multi-functional proteins vastly improve the texture of meat alternatives to more compellingly mimic the organoleptic qualities of real meat and deliver a more full-bodied flavor. Meala's proprietary platform creates functional proteins designed to be used as binding and gelling agents thanks to their superior water retention capabilities. The platform enables formulators to boost meat analogues with better nutritional value and functional properties using a short list of ingredients as in real meat.""We are excited to complete this investment round with the support of leading investors "" notes Hadar Razmovich  CEO and Meala co-founder. ""This achievement reflects the investors' trust in our technology and R&D team of experts. ""There is a significant need in the plant-based industry to effectively reduce undesirable ingredients and clean up labels. This investment will help us get closer and faster to the market  better address the companies' specific needs and provide affordable  smarter solutions.""""It is exciting to support Meala on this important mission to improve plant-based foods  making them tastier  more nutritious  and with readily recognizable ingredients "" expresses Jonathan Berger  CEO of The Kitchen FoodTech Hub. ""This is another milestone in our quest to nourish a better tomorrow  and we are honored to have a leading entity such as DSM Venturing co-invest with us in such a promising company.""The new funding will initially go toward continuing the development of the company's platform technology and accelerate from lab to pilot scale. The start-up's core technology enables the development of functional proteins for multiple meat replacements  including burgers  sausages  nuggets with egg and fish alternatives in development.""This investment will enable us to accelerate our growth and support plant-based producers in their mission to reach new consumer segments "" states Dr. Tali Feldman Sivan  PhD  co-founder of Meala. ""We already initiated collaborations with leading plant-based CPG manufacturers to implement Meala's solution in their products. We are on track to launch products in the US and European markets in 2024.""Meala's vision for plant-based alternatives is to have a short list of simple  recognizable ""home kitchen"" ingredients while delivering the same full-bodied flavor and texture of real meat. The platform works with a versatile range of plant proteins. The Meala solution can be easily integrated into CPG products through existing manufacturing lines.About MealaMeala was founded in 2021 by product innovation specialist Hadar Ekhoiz Razmovich; Tali Feldman Sivan  PhD  a serial entrepreneur and business strategist; and Liran Gruda  CIO and culinary chef. After delving into the meat alternative category in depth  the trio joined forces on a mission to bridge the gap between processed vegan products currently available  and the perception that plant-based products are better for you  and to break down the last barriers between meat and meat analogs.About DSM VenturingDSM Venturing is the corporate venture arm of Royal DSM –a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals  and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental  and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.About The Kitchen HubThe Kitchen FoodTech Hub is an incubator and a seed investor  addressing global food challenges. It nurtures promising FoodTech ventures showing potential to disrupt the global food system- making it more productive  affordable  sustainable  and healthier. The Strauss Group founded the Kitchen FoodTech Hub in 2015 in cooperation with the Israeli Innovation Authority. So far The Kitchen's 22 portfolio companies have raised more than $280M which has served to assist them in developing their technology and products and boost their global activity.For more information  contact:Company Contact: Press Contact: Meala FoodTech Ltd. NutriPR Ms. Hadar Razmovich  CEO and co-founder Liat SimhaTel: +972-9-9742893 E-mail: Info@mealafood.com E-mail: liat@nutripr.com www.mealafood.com Website: www.nutripr.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/meala-foodtech Twitter: @LiatSimhaPhoto: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1998419/Meala_Co_Founders.jpgSOURCE Meala FoodTech",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.22,0.19,True,English,"['Meala FoodTech', 'Pre-Seed Round', 'simple, recognizable ""home kitchen"" ingredients', 'superior water retention capabilities', 'Dr. Tali Feldman Sivan', 'The Kitchen FoodTech Hub', 'Dutch multinational Royal DSM', 'leading plant-based CPG manufacturers', 'The Kitchen Hub', 'functional protein platform developer', 'Israeli FoodTech ecosystem', 'The Strauss Group', 'corporate venture arm', 'traditional, animal-based counterparts', 'complex chemical names', 'R&D team', 'existing manufacturing lines', 'product innovation specialist', 'global food system', 'global food challenges', 'new consumer segments', 'promising FoodTech ventures', 'multiple meat replacements', 'plant-based protein industry', 'affordable, smarter solutions', 'same full-bodied flavor', 'Hadar Ekhoiz Razmovich', 'global, purpose-led company', 'meat alternative category', 'alt-protein food formulators', 'popular meat alternatives', 'Start-up Meala FoodTech', 'The Meala solution', 'recognizable ingredients', 'The Strauss-Group', 'Hadar Razmovich', 'plant-based category', 'plant-based industry', 'leading investors', 'leading entity', 'functional proteins', 'functional properties', 'plant-based alternatives', 'Honey Ventures', 'alt-protein investments', 'new ingredients', 'biggest challenges', 'CPG products', 'plant-based foods', 'new funding', 'plant-based producers', 'promising company', 'fish alternatives', 'real meat', 'meat analogues', 'meat analogs', 'proprietary platform', 'undesirable ingredients', 'DSM Venturing', 'veggie burgers', 'long list', 'organoleptic qualities', 'gelling agents', 'nutritional value', 'short list', ""investors' trust"", 'significant need', 'specific needs', 'Jonathan Berger', 'pilot scale', 'European markets', 'versatile range', 'plant proteins', 'serial entrepreneur', 'business strategist', 'Liran Gruda', 'culinary chef', 'last barriers', 'brighter lives', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'seed investor', 'platform technology', 'plant-based products', 'core technology', 'pre-seed investment', 'third investment', 'vegan products', 'important mission', 'Meala Meala', 'investment round', 'labels', 'HAIFA', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'close', 'USD', 'participation', 'Milk', 'contribution', 'mouthfeel', 'sausages', 'consumers', 'processes', 'creation', 'cleaner', 'texture', 'binding', 'support', 'CEO', 'founder', 'achievement', 'experts', 'milestone', 'quest', 'tomorrow', 'development', 'nuggets', 'growth', 'PhD', 'collaborations', 'track', 'vision', 'depth', 'trio', 'forces', 'gap', 'perception', 'Health', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'incubator', 'potential']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,prnewswire.co.uk
18023,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/08/2603620/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1769 £ 23.9362 Estimated MTD return -0.38 % -0.37 % Estimated YTD return -2.13 % -2.01 % Estimated ITD return 171.77 % 139.36 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.05 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.62 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.2214 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.7110The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'NAV N', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,globenewswire.com
18024,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58265183-lepermislibre-lepermislibre-announces-the-success-of-its-ipo-on-the-euronext-growth-market-in-paris-015.htm,Lepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris,Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris Lepermislibre Lepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext,"DJ Lepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in ParisLepermislibre Lepermislibre: Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris 08-Feb-2023 / 19:07 CET/CEST Dissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris - First IPO of the year 2023 in France and 1st driving school listed on the Euronext markets - . Capital increase of approximately EUR8m . Market capitalisation of approximately EUR46m . Settlement-delivery of the Firm Price Offer and the Global Placement scheduled for 10 February 2023 . Start of trading on Euronext Growth® Paris on 13 February 2023 Lepermislibre - ISIN: FR0014000P11  ticker: ALLPL - (the ""Company"")  the pioneer in online driving schools in France  announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® Paris market. Speaking about the successful IPO  Lucas Tournel and Romain Durand  co-founders of Lepermislibre  said: ""We're very pleased to announce the success of our IPO and would like to say a big thank you to all our new institutional and retail shareholders  as well as our existing shareholders  for their trust in us by contributing to the success of this IPO. We'd also like to thank all our employees  who strive every day to offer the best service to our instructors and candidates and transform the driving licence in the digitisation era. The funds raised provide us with the necessary resources to seize all the tremendous growth opportunities offered by a market worth over EUR2 billion per year in France  driven by a favourable regulatory framework. Today  we're beginning a new chapter in the company's history to achieve a strong ambition: to become the French leader in driving training."" The total gross proceeds of the issue amounted to approximately EUR8.0 million. Within this framework  2 075 620 new shares were issued  78% of which under the global placement (through orders from institutional investors  representing a demand of approximately EUR6.2 million) and 22% under the firm price offer (through 2 972 individual investors  representing a demand of approximately EUR1.8 million). At the end of the operation  Lepermislibre's capital is composed of 11 982 620 shares representing a market capitalization of EUR45.9 million  based on an IPO price of EUR3.83 per share. The free float represents 44.1% of the Company's capital. In accordance with the indicative timetable of the transaction  the settlement-delivery of the new shares is scheduled for 10 February 2023 and trading in Lepermislibre shares on the Euronext Growth® Paris market will begin on 13 February 2023 under the ISIN code FR001400F2Z1 and the ticker ALLPL. Eligibility of the securities for PEA equity savings plans  PEA-PME plans  income tax reduction and the provisions of Article 150-0 B ter of the French General Tax Code Lepermislibre confirms that it complies with the eligibility criteria for ""PME-ETI"" equity savings plans specified by the provisions of Articles L. 221-32-2 and D.221-113-5 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Lepermislibre shares can therefore be fully integrated into PEA plans and ""PME-ETI"" plans and benefit from the corresponding tax benefits. The Company also confirms that it complies with the eligibility criteria for income tax reduction of 25% in relation to investments in SMEs. Lepermislibre has been awarded the ""Innovative Company"" label by Bpifrance. The Company is eligible for the provisions of Article 150-0 B ter of the French General Tax Code  under which persons having sold securities tendered are allowed within three years of said tender to benefit from the continuation of the tax deferral in the event of a subscription in cash. A summary of the tax regime that may apply is described in the Transaction Memorandum (refer to section 4.1.9). The persons concerned are invited to consult their usual tax advisor about the taxation applicable to their particular case  in particular regarding the subscription  acquisition  holding and disposal of Lepermislibre shares. Implementation of a liquidity contract with TP ICAP The Company has entered into a liquidity agreement with TP ICAP  in accordance with accepted practice under the regulations in force  which will take effect from 13 February 2023for a term of one year renewable by tacit renewal[1]. This liquidity contract was concluded in accordance with AMF decision no.2021-01 of 22 June 2021. It is compliant with the Association Française des Marchés Financiers (AMAFI) Code of Conduct. The following resources were allocated to the liquidity agreement for its implementation with TP ICAP: . EUR200 000 in cash MAIN TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION . CHARACTERISTICS OF THE SHARES . Name: Lepermislibre . Ticker: ALLPL . ISIN: FR001400F2Z1 . Listing market: Euronext Growth® Paris . ICB classification: 40201070 - Consumer Services: Misc . LEI: 969500OK5F5HPCZXQD93 . OFFERING PRICE The price of the Fixed Price Offer and the Global Placement is set at EUR3.83 per share. . SIZE AND GROSS PROCEEDS OF THE OFFERING 2 075 620 new shares were issued in the framework of the offer. The total gross proceeds of the issue amounts to EUR8.0 million. . ALLOTMENT OF THE OFFER The new shares will be allocated as follows: . 1 610 138 new shares  allocated as part of the Global Placement  for institutional investors  i.e. EUR6.2mand around 78% of the total number of shares issued; . 465 482 new shares  allocated as part of the Firm-Price Offer for private individual investors  i.e.EUR1.8m and around 22% of the total number of shares issued  showing a service rate for A1 orders (from 1 share to250 shares included) and A2 orders (over 250 shares) of 100%. It is specified that the extension clause and the over-allotment option are not exercised. . BREAKDOWN OF SHARE CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTS BEFORE AND AFTER THE OPERATION The share capital of Lepermislibre is broken down as follows: Before carrying out the operation:Current capital Fully diluted capital Number of shares and % of capital and Number of shares and % of capital and Shareholders voting rights voting rights voting rights voting rights Lucas Tournel 1 785 000 18 02% 2 100 500 17 41% Romain Durand 1 785 000 18 02% 2 100 500 17 41% Maje Invest 440 000 4 44% 457 921 3 80% PLG Invest 141 000 1 42% 231 253 1 92% IDS CO 35 000 0 35% 35 000 0 29% Sub-total board members 4 186 000 42 25% 4 925 174 40 82% Nextstage AM 705 000 7 12% 1 156 271 9 58% Eiffel IG 423 000 4 27% 693 762 5 75% Sub-total institutional 1 128 000 11 39% 1 850 033 15 33% investors Others 4 593 000 46 36% 5 290 850 43 85% Total 9 907 000 100 00% 12 066 057 100 00% After completion of the operation: Undiluted basis Diluted base Shareholders Shares Voting rights Shares Voting rights Quantity % Quantity % Quantity % Quantity % Lucas Tournel 1 785 14 90% 3 570 000 17 53% 2 100 500 14 85% 3 885 17 25% 000 500 Romain Durand 1 785 14 90% 3 570 000 17 53% 2 100 500 14 85% 3 885 17 25% 000 500 Maje Invest 440 000 3 67% 852 000 4 18% 457 921 3 24% 869 921 3 86% PLG Invest 141 000 1 18% 141 000 0 69% 231 253 1 64% 231 253 1 03% IDS CO 35 000 0 29% 35 000 0 17% 35 000 0 25% 35 000 0 16% Sub-total board 4 186 34 93% 8 168 000 40 11% 4 925 174 34 83% 8 907 39 54% members 000 174 Nextstage AM 1 096 9 15% 1 096 644 5 38% 1 547 915 10 95% 1 547 6 87% 644 915 Eiffel IG 1 415 11 81% 1 415 167 6 95% 1 685 929 11 92% 1 685 7 48% 167 929 Sub-total 2 511 3 233 institutional 811 20 96% 2 511 811 12 33% 3 233 844 22 87% 844 14 36% investors Public 5 284 44 10% 9 686 309 47 56% 5 982 659 42 31% 10 384 46 10% 809 159 Total 11 982 100 00% 20 366 100 00% 14 141 100 00% 22 525 100 00%(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 08  2023 13:07 ET (18:07 GMT)",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth® market', 'Lepermislibre', 'success', 'IPO', 'Paris', 'Association Française des Marchés Financiers', 'PEA equity savings plans', 'PME-ETI"" equity savings plans', 'French General Tax Code', 'Euronext Growth® Paris market', 'tremendous growth opportunities', 'Euronext Growth® market', 'French Regulatory News', 'total gross proceeds', 'income tax reduction', 'corresponding tax benefits', 'usual tax advisor', 'Firm Price Offer', '1st driving school', 'online driving schools', 'favourable regulatory framework', 'Innovative Company"" label', 'PEA plans', 'PME-ETI"" plans', 'Euronext markets', 'French leader', 'French Monetary', 'tax deferral', 'tax regime', 'PEA-PME plans', 'Financial Code', 'AMAFI) Code', 'Market capitalisation', 'market capitalization', 'Listing market', 'driving licence', 'driving training', 'ISIN code', 'CEST Dissemination', 'EQS Group', 'Global Placement', 'Lucas Tournel', 'Romain Durand', 'big thank', 'new institutional', 'retail shareholders', 'existing shareholders', 'best service', 'digitisation era', 'necessary resources', 'new chapter', 'strong ambition', 'institutional investors', '2,972 individual investors', 'IPO price', 'free float', 'indicative timetable', 'Articles L.', 'three years', 'particular case', 'liquidity contract', 'TP ICAP', 'liquidity agreement', 'tacit renewal', 'AMF decision', 'following resources', 'MAIN TERMS', '2,075,620 new shares', 'eligibility criteria', 'DJ Lepermislibre', 'First IPO', 'Capital increase', 'successful IPO', 'Transaction Memorandum', 'one year', 'Lepermislibre shares', 'Lepermislibre Lepermislibre', 'The Company', '11,982,620 shares', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', 'Settlement-delivery', '10 February', 'Start', '13 February', 'ticker', 'ALLPL', 'pioneer', 'founders', 'trust', 'employees', 'instructors', 'candidates', 'funds', 'history', 'orders', 'demand', 'operation', 'accordance', 'securities', 'provisions', 'relation', 'investments', 'SMEs', 'persons', 'tender', 'continuation', 'event', 'subscription', 'cash', 'summary', 'section', 'taxation', 'acquisition', 'holding', 'disposal', 'Implementation', 'practice', 'regulations', 'force', 'effect', '22 June', 'Conduct', 'CHARACTERISTICS', 'Name']",2023-02-05,2023-02-08,finanznachrichten.de
18025,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/repurchase-shares-174500108.html,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,REPURCHASE OF SHARES Amsterdam  the Netherlands - . (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 21 901 of its own shares in the period from 2 February 2023 up to and including 8 February 2023 at an average price of €23.,Flow Traders LtdREPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 21 901 of its own shares in the period from 2 February 2023 up to and including 8 February 2023 at an average price of €23.56.This is in accordance with the share buyback program originally announced on 22 July 2022 and subsequently increased as per the announcement made on 27 October 2022. The consideration of this purchase was €0.5 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 1 159 791 shares at an average price of €21.33 for a total consideration of €24.7 million.3 513 011 shares were held in treasury as at 8 February 2023.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.Jonathan Berger / Investor Relations OfficerPhone: +31 20 7996149Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.Story continuesThe information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5 (1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,mixed,0.07,0.21,0.71,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'significant business, economic', 'other asset classes', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'share buyback program', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'other financial instruments', 'future business decisions', 'Flow Traders’ control', 'Important Legal Information', 'financial products', 'other factors', 'financial markets', 'Financial objectives', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Jonathan Berger', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'team-oriented culture', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'investment advice', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'internal objectives', 'legal obligation', 'looking statements', 'future performance', 'operational performance', 'total consideration', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'competitive uncertainties', 'market circumstances', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '2 February', '8 February', 'accordance', '22 July', 'announcement', '27 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Phone', 'Email', 'flowtraders', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'investors', 'organization', 'Europe', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'innovative', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'Story', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'forward', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'assumptions', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'contingencies']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,finance.yahoo.com
18026,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58259496-veon-ltd-veon-announces-russian-regulatory-approval-for-sale-of-its-operations-399.htm,VEON Ltd.: VEON Announces Russian Regulatory Approval for Sale of Its Operations,CET - VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces,"Amsterdam  Netherlands  8 February 2023 08:00 CET - VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that approval has been received from Russian regulatory bodies for the proposed sale of its Russian operations.Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group  said: ""We believe the sale of our Russian business represents the optimal solution for VEON  its Russian operations  and all stakeholders  including customers  shareholders  creditors  and employees both in and outside of Russia. We are pleased to have reached this significant milestone in the transaction  which is expected to be accretive to equity  reduce VEON's debt  and improve its credit profile.""On February 7th  2023  the Sub-Commission of the Government Commission for Control over Foreign Investments in the Russian Federation issued its approval of the proposed sale of VEON's Russian operations to certain senior members of the management of PJSC VimpelCom  led by its current CEO Alexander Torbakhov  subject to certain conditions.The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service has already authorized the transaction  and it is anticipated that the remaining closing conditions will be satisfied and that  as previously communicated  the transaction will complete on or before 1 June 2023.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people's lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world's population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements "" as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the closing of the transactions described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the transactions referred to above will be successfully completed or that requisite approvals for these transactions will be received. Elements of this press release contain or may contain ""inside information"" as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact informationVEONGroup Communication Senior ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.13,0.62,True,English,"['Russian Regulatory Approval', 'VEON Ltd', 'Sale', 'Operations', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service', 'VEON Group Communication Senior Manager', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Director Investor Relations', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian regulatory bodies', 'remaining closing conditions', 'senior members', 'Russian operations', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'optimal solution', 'significant milestone', 'credit profile', 'Government Commission', 'Foreign Investments', 'PJSC VimpelCom', 'Alexander Torbakhov', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'requisite approvals', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Nik Kershaw', 'inside information', 'Contact information', 'current CEO', '200 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd.', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'NASDAQ', 'sale', 'stakeholders', 'shareholders', 'creditors', 'employees', 'transaction', 'equity', 'debt', 'February', 'Sub-Commission', 'Control', 'management', '1 June', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'forward', 'circumstances', 'assurance', 'Elements', 'No.', '08']",2023-02-05,2023-02-08,finanznachrichten.de
18027,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/oil-faces-serious-problem-2024-140000392.html,Oil faces a 'serious problem' by 2024 as production capacity runs out  warns Goldman — here are 3 big oil stocks with yields as high as 4%,Oil prices have cooled down in recent months  but Goldman Sachs sees a major rebound on the horizon. Speaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia  Goldman’s global head of commodities research Jeff Currie predicts that oil prices could climb back above $100 a barrel this year.,Oil faces a 'serious problem' by 2024 as production capacity runs out  warns Goldman — here are 3 big oil stocks with yields as high as 4%Oil prices have cooled down in recent months  but Goldman Sachs sees a major rebound on the horizon.Speaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia  Goldman’s global head of commodities research Jeff Currie predicts that oil prices could climb back above $100 a barrel this year.The analyst sees rising demand for oil from China. Meanwhile  sanctions against Russia will likely reduce the country’s oil exports.“Right now  we’re still balanced to a surplus because China has still yet to fully rebound ” Currie tells Bloomberg. But the analyst notes that by May  the oil market could swing to a supply deficit.And that’s not all.“Are we going to run out of spare production capacity? Potentially by 2024  you start to have a serious problem.”Don't missGoldman Sachs says bitcoin is not investable — this is where they think you should put 33% of your wealth instead'Hold onto your money': Jeff Bezos says you might want to rethink buying a 'new automobile  refrigerator  or whatever' — here are 3 better recession-proof buysYou could be the landlord of Walmart  Whole Foods and CVS (and collect fat grocery store-anchored income on a quarterly basis)Economics 101 tells us that shortages drive prices up. If Currie is right and oil prices shoot up  oil producers stand ready to benefit.Here is a look at three big oil stocks. Wall Street already sees upside in this trio.ShellHeadquartered in London  Shell (SHEL) is a multinational energy giant with operations in more than 70 countries. It produces around 3.2 barrels of oil equivalent per day  has an interest in 10 refineries  and sold 64.2 million tons of liquefied natural gas in 2021.It’s a staple for global investors  too. Shell is listed on the London Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam  and the New York Stock Exchange.The company’s NYSE-listed shares are up 5% over the past year.Piper Sandler analyst Ryan Todd sees an opportunity in the oil and gas supermajor. The analyst has an ‘overweight’ rating on Shell and a price target of $70.Story continuesConsidering that Shell trades at around $58.50 per share today  Todd’s price target implies a potential upside of 20%. The stock also offers a dividend yield of 4.0%.ChevronChevron (CVX) is another oil and gas supermajor that’s benefiting from the commodity boom.In 2022  the company reported earnings of $35.5 billion  which represented a 127% increase from 2021. Sales and other operating revenues totaled $235.7 billion for 2022  up 51% year over year.Last month  Chevron’s board approved a 6% increase to the quarterly dividend rate to $1.51 per share. That gives the company an annual dividend yield of 3.5%.Read more: Your cash is trash: 4 simple ways to protect your money against white-hot inflation (without being a stock market genius)The stock has enjoyed a nice rally too  climbing 23% in the last 12 months.In January  Barclays analyst Jeanine Wai reiterated an ‘overweight’ rating on Chevron while raising the price target from $196 to $212. That implies a potential upside of 24% from the current levels.Exxon MobilCommanding a market cap of over $460 billion  Exxon Mobil (XOM) is bigger than Shell and Chevron.The company also boasts the strongest stock price performance among the three — Exxon shares are up 36% over the past year.It’s not hard to see why investors like the stock: the oil-producing giant gushes profits and cash flow in this commodity price environment. In 2022  Exxon earned $55.7 billion in profits  a huge increase from the $23.0 billion in 2021. Free cash flow totaled $62.1 billion for the year  compared to $37.9 billion in 2021.Solid financials allow the company to return cash to investors. Exxon pays quarterly dividends of 91 cents per share  translating to an annual yield of 3.2%.Bank of America analyst Doug Leggate has a ‘buy’ rating on Exxon and a price target of $140 — around 25% above where the stock sits today.What to read nextThis article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,mixed,0.5,0.19,0.31,True,English,"['3 big oil stocks', 'serious problem', 'production capacity', 'Goldman', 'yields', 'Piper Sandler analyst Ryan Todd', 'fat grocery store-anchored income', 'Barclays analyst Jeanine Wai', 'America analyst Doug Leggate', 'three big oil stocks', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'strongest stock price performance', 'other operating revenues', '3 big oil stocks', 'multinational energy giant', 'spare production capacity', 'quarterly dividend rate', 'commodity price environment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'stock market genius', 'annual dividend yield', 'Free cash flow', 'new automobile', 'annual yield', 'price target', 'commodity boom', 'oil-producing giant', 'quarterly basis', 'market cap', 'quarterly dividends', 'oil market', 'serious problem', 'recent months', 'major rebound', 'Saudi Arabia', 'global head', 'commodities research', 'rising demand', 'supply deficit', 'Jeff Bezos', 'recession-proof buys', 'Whole Foods', 'Wall Street', '64.2 million tons', 'natural gas', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'NYSE-listed shares', 'gas supermajor', 'overweight’ rating', 'potential upside', '4 simple ways', 'white-hot inflation', 'nice rally', 'last 12 months', 'current levels', 'Solid financials', 'buy’ rating', 'oil exports', 'oil producers', 'oil equivalent', 'Oil prices', 'Goldman Sachs', 'past year', 'Exxon Mobil', 'Exxon shares', 'Jeff Currie', 'global investors', 'huge increase', '127% increase', '6% increase', 'yields', 'horizon', 'sidelines', 'conference', 'China', 'sanctions', 'Russia', 'country', 'surplus', 'Bloomberg', 'May', 'bitcoin', 'wealth', 'money', 'refrigerator', 'landlord', 'Walmart', 'CVS', 'Economics', 'shortages', 'look', 'trio', 'Shell', 'operations', '70 countries', '3.2 barrels', 'day', 'interest', '10 refineries', 'staple', 'company', 'opportunity', 'Story', 'Chevron', 'CVX', 'earnings', 'Sales', 'board', 'trash', 'January', 'XOM', 'profits', '91 cents', 'Bank', 'article', 'information', 'advice', 'warranty', 'kind', '24']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,uk.sports.yahoo.com
18028,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-january-2023-164500393.html,Euronext announces volumes for January 2023,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 Amsterdam ,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for January 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for January 2023.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.Story continuesFor the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.69,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end December', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'January', '8 February', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Story', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'rights-request', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18029,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris https://t.co/EM3i9eMovz,nan,Lepermislibre announces the success of its IPO on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris https://t.co/EM3i9eMovz,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth® market', 'Lepermislibre', 'success', 'IPO', 'Paris', 'Euronext Growth® market', 'Lepermislibre', 'success', 'IPO', 'Paris']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18030,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 https://t.co/SJ6Jrj4mgt Get all the latest $EUXTF… https://t.co/qUlWtck73l,nan,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 https://t.co/SJ6Jrj4mgt Get all the latest $EUXTF… https://t.co/qUlWtck73l,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['NEW ARTICLE', 'latest $EUXTF', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'co', 'SJ6Jrj4mgt', 'qUlWtck73l', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'latest $EUXTF', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'co', 'SJ6Jrj4mgt', 'qUlWtck73l']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18031,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Volumes For January 2023 https://t.co/W3XPFLoAYL,nan,Euronext Announces Volumes For January 2023 https://t.co/W3XPFLoAYL,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Volumes', 'January', 'W3XPFLoAYL', 'Euronext', 'Volumes', 'January', 'W3XPFLoAYL']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18032,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 https://t.co/QCBDIfFjHX,nan,Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 https://t.co/QCBDIfFjHX,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'co', 'QCBDIfFjHX', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'January', 'co', 'QCBDIfFjHX']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18033,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,One clearing house for Europe. In 2023  @Euronext will begin a new phase in its strategy. Euronext #Clearing will… https://t.co/WdsQ0xXroo,nan,One clearing house for Europe. In 2023  @Euronext will begin a new phase in its strategy. Euronext #Clearing will… https://t.co/WdsQ0xXroo,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['One clearing house', 'new phase', 'Europe', 'strategy', 'Euronext', 'WdsQ0xXroo', 'One clearing house', 'new phase', 'Europe', 'strategy', 'Euronext', 'WdsQ0xXroo']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18034,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Sopra Steria is proud to join @euronext’s CAC SBT 1.5°  a stock index including 38 companies investing solely in co… https://t.co/SP6LgNEcyr,nan,Sopra Steria is proud to join @euronext’s CAC SBT 1.5°  a stock index including 38 companies investing solely in co… https://t.co/SP6LgNEcyr,neutral,0.33,0.65,0.02,neutral,0.33,0.65,0.02,True,English,"['Sopra Steria', 'CAC SBT', 'stock index', '38 companies', 'SP6LgNEcyr', '°', 'Sopra Steria', 'CAC SBT', 'stock index', '38 companies', 'SP6LgNEcyr', '°']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18035,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 183 08 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/BbkK1rPCRH,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 183 08 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/BbkK1rPCRH,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'BbkK1rPCRH', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'BbkK1rPCRH']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18036,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 173 15 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/syOaJXAu6U,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 173 15 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/syOaJXAu6U,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18037,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FoxNews E  C Euronext tip them in cash. Not traceable!,nan,@FoxNews E  C Euronext tip them in cash. Not traceable!,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['cash', 'cash']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
18038,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ #ArcelorMittal (EURONEXT)#MT💹#TradeIdea:↗️Buy on the formation of an ascending wave structure.⛔️Stop Loss und… https://t.co/WpQwbsDx6B,nan,✅ #ArcelorMittal (EURONEXT)#MT💹#TradeIdea:↗️Buy on the formation of an ascending wave structure.⛔️Stop Loss und… https://t.co/WpQwbsDx6B,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['ascending wave structure', 'EURONEXT', 'formation', 'Loss', 'WpQwbsDx6B', 'ascending wave structure', 'EURONEXT', 'formation', 'Loss', 'WpQwbsDx6B']",2023-02-08,2023-02-08,Unknown
