UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57471,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/hong-kong-launches-4-year-euro-digital-green-bond-term-sheet-shows-6414606,Hong Kong launches 4-year euro digital green bond  term sheet shows,HONG KONG  Sept 28 : Hong Kong's government launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro green bond in digital form and set final price guidance at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet on Monday.Here are more details from the sheet:• The b…,HONG KONG  Sept 28 : Hong Kong's government launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro green bond in digital form and set final price guidance at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet on Monday.Here are more details from the sheet:• The bond is due to settle on Tuesday and will pay a fixed coupon twice a year. The final size and coupon have not yet been set.• The city plans to list them on Hong Kong's stock exchange.• The government will use the proceeds to fund or refinance eligible environmental projects under its Green Bond Framework.• The bond will be recorded electronically rather than issued as paper certificates. They will use HSBC's Orion digital platform and clear through the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's Central Moneymarkets unit  which is linked to Euroclear and Clearstream.• Hong Kong is rated Aa3 by Moody's  AA+ by S&P and AA- by Fitch.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['4-year euro digital green bond', 'Hong Kong', 'term sheet', 'benchmark-sized, four-year euro green bond', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'Green Bond Framework', 'eligible environmental projects', 'Central Moneymarkets unit', 'final price guidance', 'Orion digital platform', 'digital form', 'final size', '11 basis points', 'stock exchange', 'paper certificates', 'S&P', 'term sheet', 'fixed coupon', 'government', 'mid-swaps', 'Monday', 'details', 'Tuesday', 'city', 'proceeds', 'HSBC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Moody', 'AA', 'Fitch']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,channelnewsasia.com
57472,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/us-stocks/news/global-market-hong-kong-sets-pricing-guidance-for-four-year-digital-green-bond/articleshow/134534365.cms,Global Market: Hong Kong sets pricing guidance for four-year digital green bond,The Hong Kong government is set to launch a significant four-year euro-denominated green bond in a digital format. With its initial pricing guidance of 11 basis points above mid-swaps  the settlement is scheduled for Tuesday. The funds raised will support eco…,Live Eventsas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Addas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now!(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our ETMarkets WhatsApp channelHong Kong's government has launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro-denominated green bond in digital form  with initial pricing guidance set at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet reviewed by Reuters on Monday.The bond is scheduled to settle on Tuesday  with the final issue size and coupon yet to be determined. It will carry a fixed coupon that will be paid twice a year.The government plans to list the bond on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Proceeds will be used to finance or refinance eligible environmental projects under Hong Kong's Green Bond Framework The transaction marks another step in Hong Kong's efforts to expand the use of digital infrastructure in capital markets. The bonds will be recorded electronically rather than issued as paper certificates  with HSBC's Orion digital platform being used for issuance  Reuters reported.Settlement and clearing will take place through the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's Central Moneymarkets Unit  which is linked to international securities depositories Euroclear and Clearstream  according to the term sheet.The digital format is designed to integrate the bond with existing financial-market infrastructure while enabling the government to raise funds for projects that meet its environmental financing criteria.Hong Kong carries Aa3  AA+ and AA- sovereign ratings from Moody's  S&P and Fitch  respectively.The transaction comes as governments and financial institutions increasingly explore digital bond issuance  including the use of electronic platforms and distributed-ledger technology  to streamline issuance and settlement in capital markets  Reuters reported.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['four-year digital green bond', 'Global Market', 'Hong Kong', 'pricing guidance', 'benchmark-sized, four-year euro-denominated green bond', 'Trusted News Source Addas', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'Green Bond Framework', 'ETMarkets WhatsApp channel', 'initial pricing guidance', 'final issue size', 'Central Moneymarkets Unit', 'international securities depositories', 'environmental financing criteria', 'AA- sovereign ratings', 'existing financial-market infrastructure', 'Orion digital platform', 'eligible environmental projects', 'digital bond issuance', 'digital infrastructure', 'digital form', 'Live Events', 'capital markets', 'paper certificates', 'S&P', 'financial institutions', 'electronic platforms', 'distributed-ledger technology', 'fixed coupon', 'term sheet', 'Reliable', 'government', '11 basis', 'mid-swaps', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Proceeds', 'transaction', 'step', 'efforts', 'use', 'bonds', 'HSBC', 'Settlement', 'clearing', 'place', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'funds', 'AA+', 'Moody', 'Fitch']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,economictimes.indiatimes.com
57473,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2026/09/michael-hudson-a-clean-slate-how-the-oil-wars-aftermath-will-transform-the-world-economic-order.html,Michael Hudson: A Clean Slate – How the Oil War’s Aftermath Will Transform the World Economic Order,Michael Hudson outlines a sound path for the Global Majority to manage the coming oil war-created crisis. But you can't get there from here.,This is Naked Capitalism fundraising week. 806 donors have already invested in our efforts to combat corruption and predatory conduct  particularly in the financial realm. Please join us and participate via our donation page  which shows how to give via check  credit card  debit card  PayPal. Clover  or Wise. Read about why we’re doing this fundraiser  what we’ve accomplished in the last year   and our current goal  continuing expanded daily LinksYves here. Sadly  yet again your humble blogger feels compelled to take on the role of sober realist. Michael Hudson have provided an estimable  in-depth discussion of a path forward out of external debt crises that seem very likely to sweep across the developing world as the Iran-War-triggered economic crisis intensifies.However  Hudson presents this as a forecast of sorts  as opposed to a recommendation or prescription. The problem with that framing. The problem is that the reforms he describes will simply never happen.Bancor is a non-starter. Keynes’ bancor is the best remedy for payments imbalances produced by sustained trade imbalances. Bancor addresses that via mechanisms that punish countries that run large trade surpluses and deficits. Keynes saw mercantilist trade surplus nations as the worse actors  in that they were stealing jobs and demand from trade deficit nations.Hudson depicts China and Russia as the leaders of a new international financial order. China will never never never accept a regime that punishes it for its trade surpluses. China sees those surpluses as the result of hard work  investment  and innovation. Why should they give that up to benefit layabouts?Too many divisions to create a new order. Any system like bancor or a new international architecture requires a surrender of sovereignity to new supranational institutions.To put it another way: if bancor was going to happen  it would have happened when the US represented roughly 50% of global GDP at the end of World War II and had the clout to force through the acceptance of new international arrangements. No nation is dominant enough now to push through diktats.This lack of consensus and will among the so-called Global Majority has been evident at all the BRICS summits. BRICS has been somewhat effective at getting participants to cooperate to improve bi-lateral trade payment mechanisms. However  there has been no movement towards establishing a new currency. Even more revealing  BRICS statements have reaffirmed the importance of the IMF and World Bank. BRICS states want to reform their governance  as in have more say over how they are run  not replace them.No interest (yet) in debt repudiation. This may come eventually in a disorderly manner  as opposed to by some sort of design or debt jubilee. Hudson contends it will become necessary in Global Majority states that are democracies. I have my doubts. Even in democracies  the rich have outsized political influence. And they are often investors in foreign financial assets  as in creditors themselves. Citicorp  for instance  holds large balances from the Latin American wealthy. Experts can correct me  but I believe the Swiss banks are major repositories for African flight capital.And consider Thailand. It may not have much sway  but it would not be keen about debt repudiation either. Even though it has high levels of personal debt  it has low external debt. Its banks are solid  in part due to charging lots of fees  paying low interest rates on savings  and lending only to government employees who are very good credit risks. I have been told by the husband of a pretty senior bank officer that bank staffers are personally liable for loan losses. That sounds too extreme to be credible but perhaps their pay does get docked.Thailand has also kept the baht high  taking a hit to tourism and trade competitiveness to reduce its exposure to a 1997 type rout in a new crisis.Thailand would not be keen about other countries getting debt freebies. They would be getting breaks for failing to take the sort of precautionary measures that Thailand did.A further sanity check via an e-mail from Amarynth of Sovereignista:I’ve intensively looked at the addresses at the UN this past week and have a good idea now on what and how countries think. Most of the Africa crew has done their speeches and only for Africa at this stage  the solution is not debt repudiation or long term restructuring  but more debt availability. They want more debt available at better rates and better deals and it seems as if the solutions are based on borrowing more to overcome the crisis. They think that more loans will get them through the looming crisis. It looks to me that a debt repudiation based on the choice between internal growth distinct from rentier methodologies  does not seem to be present from what I’ve heard. Welcome to the economic apocalypse. Oh  they will repudiate at the end of the day  but as a crisis mechanism and bankrupt to the core  and not as good planning and structural solidity. Asia seems to be somewhat different but I must still confirm the thinking there. Global South as a whole? I don’t see a combined approach there. It varies.So what happens? Cascading defaults and national economic crises  and a great fall in international trade and capital flows.By Michael Hudson  a research professor of Economics at University of Missouri  Kansas City  and a research associate at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College. His latest book is The Destiny of Civilization. Originally published at The Democracy CollaborativeThe immediate cause of the looming world depression is clear enough. The U.S. Oil War against Iran has closed off seaborne trade from the Persian Gulf region  reducing the world’s oil-export supply by 20% via the Strait of Hormuz  and another 5% through the Red Sea as a result of the Ansar Allah Yemeni fight against Saudi Arabia.All countries need oil and gas to power their factories  light and heat their homes  produce fertilizer and basic chemicals from naphtha and sulfur. Cutting off this supply will raise prices for oil and gas  and hence for fertilizer  electricity and energy in general. That will force many companies and entire sectors to shut down as they cannot make a profit under the new price conditions. Many countries will suffer business closures and rising unemployment like that of German industry after its government bowed to U.S. pressure to stop importing Russian oil and gas in 2022. Its entire economy suffered falling GDP.For the world’s farming sector  the oil and gas crisis will reduce the supply of fertilizer and fuel  causing crop yields to fall. Many U.S. farmers have cut back their planting  seeing that it costs more to produce crops than they can earn as prices rise for these inputs. Marketing costs also rise in response to higher diesel fuel prices and hence higher costs of trucking and railroad transport. And as prices for energy  fertilizer and food imports rise for businesses  farmers and labor throughout the world  many will be unable to pay their scheduled debt service. That will lead to defaults  distress sales and rising bankruptcy rates  followed by foreclosures and takeovers of property. These financial pressures will intensify the conflict between creditor and debtor countries as foreign investors swoop in and buy companies at distress prices  as they did in the Asian financial crisis of 1997.For most countries  their deepening balance-of-payments deficits will put pressure on their exchange rates  confronting them with the choice of whether to use their limited reserves to pay for higher-priced oil and food imports or to pay their foreign debt service falling due. Many countries will turn to the IMF to borrow dollars to cover their deficits as an alternative to seeing their exchange rates depreciate. The problem is that IMF loans are conditional on governments reducing their budget deficits by cutting back social support such as helping families and businesses cope with the crisis and its rising debt overhead.But cutting such public spending will be politically untenable in oil-deficit countries that are democracies. Their path of least political resistance is to suspend payment of their foreign debts to bondholders  banks and the IMF so that they can buy the food and oil that their citizens and businesses need. To save themselves from politically unacceptable domestic austerity and depression  oil-deficit countries ultimately require mutual support from China  Russia and each other to create new rules to govern debtor and creditor relationships among countries based on recognition that debts that can’t be paid  won’t be paid – headed by their backlog of dollar-denominated debts.Negotiations to create such rules to avoid imposing widespread austerity and outright depression will revive the great 1944 debate between representatives of the United States and Britain about the structure of the postwar international financial system. At Bretton Woods  U.S. proposals for the IMF to manage the international financial system along creditor-oriented lines reflected America’s then overwhelming creditor status and its Treasury’s ownership of some 75% of the world’s monetary gold.The British Treasury’s plan by John Maynard Keynes advocated a financial oversight institution empowered to limit the ability of creditor nations (led by the United States) to accumulate financial claims of such magnitude that they would stifle economic growth in countries running sustained trade and balance-of-payments deficits  as had occurred after World War I. Rejecting his proposal for writing down excessive creditor claims  the United States created the IMF. Its pro-creditor principles have directed countries falling into debt dependency to squeeze out revenue from their economies or sell off public assets to pay their debts to U.S. and other international banks and bondholders.Most of the long post-1945 buildup of foreign debt is denominated in dollars  so any debt writedown today will be at the expense of the dollarized U.S.-centered international financial system. That system has “rescued” debtor countries via IMF or U.S. Treasury loans or currency swap agreements to support their exchange rates and enable them to avoid defaulting on their debts. The effect has been to subsidize an inherently untenable financial dynamic  piling debt upon debt in an exponential trajectory that increasingly exceeds the ability to be paid. The United States has further weaponized this system by making such new loans conditional on countries joining U.S. financial and trade sanctions against countries resisting U.S. foreign policy and its increasing belligerency.The Global Majority thus faces the task of designing new financial arrangements between the governments of payments-surplus and payments-deficit countries to replace the harsh pro-creditor rules imposed by the IMF and related U.S. policy forcing debtor countries to sell off their public infrastructure  natural resources and land to pay their debts.The underlying issue is whether governments of debtor countries will continue to serve as collection agents for bondholders  banks and rent-seeking investors hoping to privatize public infrastructure to provide countries with money to pay their foreign debts  with the governments relinquishing their ability to tax foreign-owned natural resources  subsidize public infrastructure  and use money and credit creation to promote their countries’ economic growth. This loss of sovereign control as a result of debt dependency has been an intrinsic feature of the dollar-based monetary and financial system wielded to serve U.S. interests and those of foreign investors in general.U.S. policy Is Aggravating the Oil cCrisis and World Financial DepressionAmerica’s National Security Strategy aims at creating choke points for the world’s trade in oil and other key necessities. Above all  it controls access to the dollarized global financial system in which foreign economies have been holding their savings and conducting their foreign trade. U.S. trade and financial sanctions  and outright military blocking of access to Russian and Iranian oil  are intensifying the oil shortage in the hope of using today’s crisis as a lever to coerce countries into obeying U.S. economic sanctions in exchange for gaining access to U.S. oil and gas  and also maintaining access to the U.S. home market for their exports.2A backlash is now occurring as German and other European gas import prices have risen fourfold as a result of shifting from Russian gas to U.S. LNG. Rising opposition to the consequences of NATO’s war against Russia has made the ruling parties of Germany  Britain and France so unpopular that they are unlikely to be re-elected.America’s own economy and those of its Western allies have deindustrialized and polarized as a result of pursuing the neoliberal policies of financialization and privatization. Their financial and stock-market wealth can only be sustained by tribute and subsidies from economies doing the actual production. But these productive economies and those of the West now face a world depression resulting from the closure of the Persian Gulf raising oil prices  squeezing worldwide business and family budgets and shrinking markets and employment – and hence the ability of countries to pay financial tribute to the United States.Putting creditor interests above those of national economies as a whole has been a distinctively Western disease. Ever since ancient Greece and Rome it has caused economic polarization  impoverishment and dependency of the population at large on a narrow oligarchic class. This fate is what the Global Majority now needs to avoid by moving to a new international order in which governments restrain financial and related rentier oligarchies from impoverishing their economies on behalf of Western investors. Today’s Oil War promises to catalyze such a civilizational shift.Recovery from the Oil War’s Economic Effects Must Include a Debt WritedownThe sharply higher prices that most countries will have to pay for their oil and food are the most immediate consequences of America’s Oil War on Russia and Iran. As noted above  many businesses will be unable to make a profit at the new price levels and face closure  and many households will be unable to pay for their living expenses without going into debt.The most disruptive policy crisis will be in the balance-of-payments and exchange-rate pressures on the currencies of the most seriously affected oil-dependent countries. National treasuries will be called on to provide subsidies to keep households  businesses and entire sectors afloat so as not to close down and face insolvency. But such support is constrained by the fact that under current world practice  governments are obliged to give fiscal priority to paying their foreign debts instead of coping with their industry shutdowns by public spending for social support and subsidies to promote their economic recovery. Global South countries in particular already are struggling to pay their foreign debts to bondholders  banks and other creditors. If the balance-of-payments pressures imposed by rising oil import prices leads the exchange rates for their currencies to fall  this will raise their domestic currency prices to pay for their imports and already heavy dollar-debt burden.Some form of default is inevitable. The great policy question concerns who will bear the burden. Will the domestic economy be sacrificed on a cross of foreign debt and suffer a wave of insolvency  bankruptcy and foreclosures? Or will governments suspend payments to international creditors in order to protect their domestic economies as best they can? As I will discuss below  the only way to avoid a domestic depression in Global South countries is a financial Clean State: a debt writedown.Today’s foreign debt overhang is a relic of the colonial and protectionist industrial-nation policies imposed on Global South and other governments to deter them from enacting the protectionist or socialist mixed-economy policies required to enable them to prosper and avoid foreign trade and debt dependency. Long-term world recovery will require writing off the legacy of loans that were made to finance the Global South’s chronic economic dependency without these loans being used to put in place the means of repaying them. Countries are only able to repay them by borrowing yet more money to pay their carrying charges. This is the debt treadmill that has characterized the past two centuries of North-South relations.The needed clean slate will entail a writeoff of the bad debts owed by many debtor countries to foreign governments  the IMF and private bondholders. That aim requires avoiding mediation by the IMF and World Bank  which were founded as instruments of coercive U.S. economic policies. The IMF follows U.S. foreign policy in extending loans only to governments that agree to neoliberal privatization and reduction in social spending  forcing them to sell off their public infrastructure and natural resources to foreign investors. Debtor economies are “Thatcherized” to pay their debts by providing rent-seeking opportunities to raise dollars to support their exchange rates.A Century of U.S. Support for Pro-Creditor Rules of International FinanceAmerica’s dominant position as world creditor after World War I enabled it to dictate the conditions of peace at a series of London conferences in 1921 to implement the 1919 Versailles peace treaty. The U.S. Treasury insisted on full payment for the American arms sold on credit to the European Allies before U.S. entry into the Great War. The Allies turned to Germany and demanded reparations to enable them to meet the U.S. demands.The sums that were imposed far exceeded the ability of either Germany or the Allies to pay. Yet the period’s moral ethic called for all debts to be paid “willy-nilly ” as Keynes put it. There was no calculation of how the war’s debts could be paid without pushing both the vanquished and victorious European economies into debt-strapped austerity and widespread bankruptcy  foreclosures  and ultimately political collapse.Pro-creditor economists such as Jacques Rueff of France and Bertil Ohlin of the United States claimed that monetary austerity was needed to make countries more competitive by lowering their wage rates (their major domestic cost of production) and exchange rates. That was to be achieved mainly by increasing unemployment  and thereby cutting imports of consumer goods as living standards fell. The stagnation resulting from the Europeans’ attempts to pay their war debts thus was deliberately imposed  and led to the Great Depression that ended up collapsing creditor and debtor economies alike  in the United States as well as in Europe.Advocates of German reparations had rejected Keynes’s urging that they explain just how economies could pay their debts without suffering collapse and stagnation. This deliberate blind spot on the part of pro-creditor lobbyists (and indeed in the mainstream academic curriculum) with regard to the debt overhead still plagues today’s world. A brief summary of the past century’s international debt imbalance is instructive.Germany went bankrupt in its desperate attempt to pay the unpayably high reparations debt. With much of its export industry seized by the Allies or in ruins  its foreign trade was forced into deficit and its exchange rate declined. Germany nonetheless tried to raise the dollars needed to pay the Allies by the Reichsbank selling its currency at falling prices for dollars on the foreign exchange market. The reichsmark’s exchange rate plummeted  raising import prices proportionally  and domestic prices followed suit  requiring more currency to be created to reflect the higher domestic price levels and to buy yet more foreign hard currency. The result was hyperinflation and economic collapse.3 The debt-strapped European Allies suffered their own depression as a result of trying to pay their war debts to America. France suffered hyperinflation  while British unemployment led to the General Strike of 1926.The U.S. Treasury tried to assist the financing of the European debt burden by using its monetary inflow to lower interest rates on domestic bank loans and bonds. The policy aim was to make German bonds more attractive and thereby help payment of its reparations and the corresponding Inter-Ally debts. U.S. and other investors bought the higher-yielding bonds issued by German states and municipalities  which turned their dollar receipts over to the Reichsbank for domestic currency. The Reichsbank paid these dollars as reparations to Britain and other Allies  enabling these countries to pay their debts to the United States without suffering falling exchange rates.The low U.S. interest rates that were encouraging this circular financial flow also fueled a domestic U.S. debt-leveraged stock market boom  which crashed in 1929.4 The crash wiped out investors who had bought stocks on credit (expecting their prices to rise faster than the interest that had to be paid). The boom and crash were international in scope  causing bankruptcies and destroying not only financial wealth but also industrial markets and employment.By 1931 all countries had come to recognize that the peace settlement had imposed excessive creditor demands that could not be paid  and a moratorium was proclaimed both for German reparations and the Inter-Ally debts. But by that time the Great Depression was well underway. Recovery did not occur until the military mobilization and arms production needed to fight World War II.Preparing for the coming peace as that war neared its end in 1944  the U.S. stance reflected its self-interest as the world’s major creditor  seeking to use its gold holdings to establish foreign financial and ultimately political dependency on its bankers and investors. Its diplomats had learned not to impose reparations that would prevent a postwar recovery  but still demanded pro-creditor international rules. The United States held some 75% of the world’s official gold supply and accounted for the lion’s share of world industrial production. The U.S.-designed postwar international monetary order called for balance-of-payments deficits to be settled in gold or its equivalent value. In practice this meant the dollar  which was officially convertible into gold at $35 an ounce. Countries almost immediately began running up new trade and payments deficits with the United States.Keynes’s Proposal for an Alternative Economic Policy to That of the US and IMFKeynes’s logic in refuting pro-creditor policy in the German reparations debate led him to warn against the general pro-creditor ideology that had insisted on collecting debt service from Germany and the European Allies at the cost of impairing their ability to sustain the investment and productivity growth needed to pay their debts.5 Acting on behalf of the British Treasury in the great 1944 debate with U.S officials as World War II neared its end  he proposed an institution to prevent debt deflation and austerity by wiping out foreign debts when they threatened to cause economic stagnation. The buildup of creditor claims would be annulled when they exceeded a degree that could not be sustained without forcing debt-ridden countries to impose destructive austerity  causing domestic collapse and a loss of their economic sovereignty.Keynes’s International Clearing Union (ICU) would create a book-keeping system of credits and debts among its member countries  with a fiat “bancor” serving as its money-of-account.6 His logic was that the proposed IMF policy of simply providing loans to debtor countries to support their exchange rates and pay their creditors would concentrate wealth in the creditor nations  whose monetary inflows would inflate their financial bubbles. But in the end  the wealthiest creditor nations would end up with little realistic prospect of actually being repaid  because the austerity imposed by their demands for debt service would prevent payments. So writing down their creditor claims would leave them no worse off in practice.If Keynes’s proposal for preventing excessive debt overhead had been adopted after World War I  Allied and German debts would have been written down (as they ultimately had to be) instead of leading to the Great Depression. The United States would not have had the financial inflow that inflated its stock market to a level that crashed  causing bankruptcy for its own investors and those in stock markets around the world.But in 1944 America had no intention of relinquishing the power that its creditor status gave it. It wielded that power to reject Keynes’s proposal and insist on the IMF and free-trade rules that ended Britain’s Empire Preference trade and investment controls  turning the Sterling Area into a financial satellite of the United States.Debt polarization Between Payments-Surplus and Deficit EconomiesSince 1945 the rules of world trade and payments have been designed to prevent other countries from rivaling America’s economic and financial power. As World War II neared its end  it was clear that the United States once again would enjoy postwar trade and payments surpluses  while European countries would run trade deficits. The challenge for European countries was to avoid having to slow their economies to protect their exchange rates from falling when they ran payments deficits  as had occurred after World War I. But in this they were unsuccessful. They accepted as a fait accompli the arrangements that America made first with Britain  which reluctantly surrendered to the U.S. plans.Britain’s Treasury was especially concerned about the prospect of U.S. postwar rules of free trade aimed at preventing foreign protectionism and capital controls. Britain’s system of Imperial Preference controls obliged India and other British dependencies to keep and spend their international savings in Britain and its Sterling Area. But the United States was in the driver’s seat at Bretton Woods in July 1944  and insisted on trade liberalization that ended these Imperial Preference restrictions.British Commonwealth members and other countries that had accumulated savings by exporting raw materials and services to the Allies during the wartime years were enabled to spend these savings mainly on U.S. exports and U.S. dollar investments. The Sterling Area became a financial satellite of the United States as it shifted to dollarized trade and economic relations.U.S. pressure to open the postwar world’s markets to free trade and capital flows had the desired effect of making the United States the leading industrial and food supplier  as well as the main investment haven. European countries  including Britain  their former colonies and other countries began running trade deficits as they became dependent on U.S. exports. Meanwhile  American economic diplomacy promoted rentier neo-colonialism via client oligarchies and military intervention aimed at locking in dependency relationships and extracting interest and natural-resource and monopoly rents.As Britain fell deeper into foreign debt  its weakening trade balance obliged it to impose a postwar “stop-go” policy of raising its interest rates to slow its economy whenever employment started to recover and enable its labor force to import more consumer goods. Labor became the main victim of central bank policy prioritizing foreign debt service by imposing domestic austerity to lower wage rates  with bankers claiming that this would make debtor economies more competitive and enable them to pay their rising debt overhead. The actual result was to drive Global South and other countries into trade and debt dependency and clientage to U.S. and other multinational investors and bondholders.How Trade Dependency Has Led to Debt DependencyIn designing the IMF  U.S. officials viewed the economic problem of foreign debt simply as one of how to squeeze money from debtors and transfer assets into U.S. hands. They insisted that no supra-national regulation or adjustment would be needed to prevent debt dependency from impoverishing countries and turning them into client states. Pro-creditor ideology never has been willing to acknowledge how monetary austerity cripples the economies of debtor countries. Governments are told to cut back budget deficits  yet government budget deficits and the resulting public debt in the form of treasury bonds are what have provided money and backed bank credit in the leading Western economies ever since the Bank of England was founded in 1694 with £1.2 million in government bonds as its initial reserves backing its loans and paper money.“Free market” opposition to government spending blocks public infrastructure investment and the subsidies needed to provide the growing home market and investment to enable debtor countries to earn the money to pay their debts. The resulting fiscal austerity forces them to sell off their public domain to foreign investors  who remit their monopoly rents back to the creditor nations. By the 1970s this policy led to the Latin American debt crisis and forced a writedown of Global South debts that was arranged not by the IMF but by the Brady Plan  negotiated by bondholders to salvage what they could.The trade and financial diplomacy of the United States and European Union has steered Global South countries to specialize in providing raw materials and agricultural and low-wage manual labor products in an unequal exchange leading to their trade dependency and foreign debt burden. The U.S. trade polices imposed on the Global South were the opposite of the protectionist policies by which industrial Britain  Germany and the United States achieved their own industrial and agricultural takeoffs.U.S. policy  for instance  blocked governments in food-deficit countries from developing their own agricultural self-sufficiency by subsidizing family farm production as the United States was doing (and as Europe soon would do)  and using tariff protection and subsidies to help feed themselves.7 The World Bank lent to countries only to specialize in plantation crops  not family farming. It provided loans to pay foreign engineering firms to build highways  ports and other transportation infrastructure to export plantation products and raw materials  not to develop the home market. What euphemistically was called development lending in the 1960s actually aimed to lock in food dependency on U.S. grain exports  not at developing domestic self-sufficiency.8 And the IMF withheld credit from countries undertaking land reform. Nicaragua and other Central American countries introducing such reform were subjected to CIA-sponsored military terrorism that turned civic control largely over to local dictators and drug lords.The disparity in trade and development policy that led Global South countries in particular to suffer structural trade and payments deficits had begun with their former colonial mother countries (as I will describe below)  and continued under the policies of the United States and other foreign creditors. The 1940s and 1950s saw this asymmetry in trade policy persist  along with moves to thwart the domestic role of government investment and subsidies to promote economic self-reliance and sovereignty. The post-colonial countries at first financed their trade deficits by dissipating the international savings that they had accumulated during the war  as noted above. By the 1960s  and more seriously in the 1970s  they ran increasingly into foreign debt to finance their deficits.By the 1980s the IMF was insisting that countries asking to borrow to stabilize their exchange rates had to begin selling off their public infrastructure  mainly to foreign investors. That led countries to steer clear of the IMF and its notorious fiscal austerity and related neoliberal loan conditionalities demanding privatization and kindred anti-government reforms dismantling public infrastructure ownership and preventing budget deficits from providing the economy with money. This policy demand meant that the domestic political cost of falling into deficits in trade and debt service was the requirement to impose the same neoliberal policies that were deindustrializing Britain under Margaret Thatcher and the United States under Ronald Reagan. By 2007 the IMF’s client list had shrunk to the shortest in a quarter-century after Argentina and Brazil paid off their debts to it. But the U.S. 2008 junk-mortgage and derivatives crisis created international instability that forced countries back into the IMF’s clutchesU.S. Affluence by “Free Lunch” Financing of Its Balance-of-Payments DeficitsOverseas military spending starting with the Korean War in 1950 was responsible for the entirety of America’s unbroken string of balance-of-payments deficits through the Vietnam War. These deficits were settled increasingly in gold  and forced the Treasury to end the dollar’s convertibility into gold in 1971. The war’s guns-and-butter policy raised wage levels  making the 1970s the last golden age for American labor despite the rising price inflation and interest rates.The Carter Administration (1977-1980) coped with the deepening trade and military deficit by imposing protectionist “voluntary” quotas on imports  especially from Japan  while U.S. multinational firms began outsourcing production to Mexican maquiladoras just south of the U.S. border  as a source of lower-cost labor  and soon turned to Asia.Over the past half-century the United States has become a high-cost economy and deindustrialized (as discussed below)  running trade deficits and continuing its military spending while becoming the world’s largest debtor. But it has been immune from having to cope with the resulting payments deficits in the way that other countries do. They typically are obliged to stabilize their exchange rates by raising interest rates to attract foreign “hot money” inflows to cover the shortfall  and to reduce imports by taxing labor and industry. But the rising U.S. Treasury and other federal agency debt to foreigners does not oblige it to raise interest rates or taxes to restore balance  because this official debt is not expected to be repaid. U.S. Government IOUs are simply left to accumulate and serve as the money-like reserves of the world’s central banks.Ever since August 1971 when the dollar ceased being “as good as gold” by being freely convertible into it  these U.S. Government IOUs have become the major vehicle for international monetary reserves. Yet foreign official holdings of U.S. government debt no longer have any counterpart in the U.S. ability to pay the enormous sums involved. There is a diminishing prospect of their ever being paid  any more than German reparations or Inter-Ally debts could be paid in the 1920s  even if U.S. officials were willing to try to make payment.The U.S. government’s debt does bear interest charges  but this interest is simply added onto the debt balance as an accounting entry  accruing without any reference to the U.S. ability to pay it. The unique U.S. ability to run payments deficits without constraint gives its economy a virtually free lunch. It pays for its imports and overseas military expenses simply by dropping its IOUs on the world. This privilege of having its dollar debts serve as international money has made America the world’s “exceptional nation.” The value of its official debt held by foreigners is backed only by what economists call “the confidence fairy.”But confidence in what? Confidence means a collective foreign willingness to accept in payment for their trade surpluses a rising stream of U.S. IOUs that cannot end up being paid in the form of tangible assets such as gold or a transfer of U.S. property owned abroad. This unrealistic confidence has enabled America’s payments deficits and the resulting rise in its official foreign debt to become a source of affluence for it instead of it having to tighten domestic credit and raise interest rates. Making dollar debt the monetary savings of other governments has enabled the United States to maintain its foreign military spending and high-consumption levels despite its domestic deindustrialization.As U.S. Treasury Secretary John Connally quipped in 1971  “the dollar is our currency  but it’s your problem.” The problem is the lack of an alternative. What is catalyzing foreign moves to end this system is not only a loss of faith in America’s ability and willingness to pay its foreign debt  but the desire of other countries to make payments and hold international savings without being subject to U.S. trade and financial sanctions  especially with such sanctions being made a condition for maintaining access to the dollar-based financial system and to the U.S. market for their exports.The U.S. Economy Becomes High-Cost and DeindustrializesNeoliberal financial planning focuses on raising corporate stock prices by cutting long-term investment projects and research in favor of paying out profits as dividends and stock buybacks. Today’s postindustrial fortunes are acquired mainly by financial means  especially by debt-leveraged price gains in real estate  stocks and bonds  and by seeking opportunities to charge monopoly rents.This reverses the 19th century’s aim of minimizing the economy’s overall price structure by minimizing land rent and keeping natural monopolies in the public domain so as to prevent monopoly pricing. The U.S. and most European mixed economies provided basic infrastructure services at subsidized rates instead of maximizing profits or monopoly rents. But since the 1980s neoliberal anti-government ideology has called for privatizing public infrastructure. Banks and private capital organize the financing  with their debt servicing costs  dividends  management and lobbying fees built into their price structure. This privatization and financialization has helped make the United States a high-cost economy whose loss of industrial competitiveness has prevented it from offering other countries mutual gains from trade and investment.And not only is America’s home market growing much more slowly than those of Asia’s less neoliberalized economies  the threat of new tariffs suddenly being imposed has made it increasingly risky. The United States is left with less and less to offer foreign countries  except to refrain from creating disruption and chaos in exchange for their agreement to join in its sanctions against Russia  Iran  China and other countries that resist American hegemony.Avoiding U.S. Economic Aggression by Restoring Open Trade and Financial RrelationsThe U.S. National Security Strategy proposes to maintain foreign subsidy for America’s deindustrializing economy by weaponizing the dollar-based international financial system to continue giving it a free lunch to settle its balance-of-payments deficits in government IOUs without restraint. It also seeks to maintain its choke points on world trade by blocking trade and payments with countries that resist adopting U.S. economic sanctions and U.S. hegemony more broadly.In an attempt to prevent Iran  Russia and pre-2026 Venezuela from being able to receive payment for their oil exports  the United States excluded them from the SWIFT bank-clearing messaging system. It also has threatened countries with confiscation of their savings in the West. In 2018 the Bank of England grabbed Venezuela’s gold on behalf of America’s hoped-for leader of a regime change. (Britain later turned this gold over to the U.S. Treasury to do with it what it wanted after Trump defeated Venezuela at the start of 2026.) And in 2022 the EU/NATO Euroclear in Brussels seized Russia’s deposits worth $300 billion  and later added insult to injury by lending the accrual of interest on the deposits to Ukraine to buy weapons to attack Russia.Trump’s aggressive economic policies  such as his steep tariffs of April 2025 that disrupted foreign access to the U.S. market  have increased the urgency for countries to protect themselves. Most seriously  by blocking the production and export of Persian Gulf oil  America’s war to seize Iran’s oil has set the stage for a world depression on the scale of that of the 1930s. As Trump and Bessent have explained  this war and U.S. control of the world’s oil trade is needed to maintain the status of the dollar. But America’s actions to maintain its system of dollarized monetary and debt relations threaten to intensify the coming economic crisis.The U.S. Oil War and its associated financial sanctions are what American strategists consider to be an existential attempt to wield the dollarized financial system as a coercive lever to force countries to support the U.S. economy and finance its military adventurism. Countries led by pro-U.S. leaders  headed by the EU led by NATO  are being told to sacrifice their own prospects for prosperity by succumbing to the U.S. geopolitical sanctions against Russia  China and Iran. The European Union and its foreign policy have been NATOized to replace imports of Russian gas with high-priced U.S. LNG  being told to forgo trade and investment with Russia. EU and other exporters are further directed to rely more on the debt-strapped U.S. market than on those of the more rapidly growing Asian economies  and even to relocate their own key industries to the United States in exchange for suffering only 10 to 12 percent tributary tariffs instead of tariffs so high that they would effectively result in total blockage of trade.Countries have responded by putting alternatives in place. Foreign central banks have slowed or even stopped accumulating more dollars  and European governments now hold more gold than dollars in their monetary reserves. And Trump’s financial sanctions against Russia  Iran and Venezuela (before the abduction of President Maduro) have forced them sell their oil in non-dollar currencies headed by China’s yuan. China has enabled such international payments outside the dollar system by developing its own Cross-Border Interbank Payment System (CIPS) to replace the U.S.-controlled Western SWIFT and the associated Clearing House Interbank Payments System (CHIPS).These preliminary steps to ending the U.S. Treasury-debt standard of international monetary reserves and America’s weaponizing of international trade and payments are initial moves toward preventing U.S. use of oil and other trade sanctions and financial choke points from causing future economic disruption. The path is being opened to create a full-spectrum set of rules to reorganize the world economy in a way that enables countries to protect their foreign trade and payments from U.S. power to block their choice of whom to deal with  what currencies to use  and where to hold and invest their international savings.The most immediate policy aim is to prevent U.S. weaponization of the world’s financial system to disrupt the fiscal and monetary policy of other countries  particularly those that have fallen into debt dependency subject to today’s pro-creditor rules. For the time being  ironically  the transition away from the dollarized financial system will see a revived role for gold as an official international monetary asset (one among many).Gold Will Play a Role in the Transition to De-Dollarized Financial ArrangementsCountries recently have been investing most of their increases in international monetary reserves in gold  as well as foreign currencies such as China’s yuan and even cryptocurrency accounts. Despite the long bullionist role of gold in restricting other countries’ own creation of domestic money by requiring it to be convertible into gold  the metal will be an asset in which counties will hold their international savings and will be part of the transition to a unit of account and used as a measure of value in the book-keeping of claims and balances owed between payments-surplus and payments-deficit countries. But unlike the monetary settlements that followed World Wars I and II  gold will neither be under U.S. unipolar control nor be used as a lever to impose austerity  as it formerly did under one-sided pro-creditor rules.What makes bullion so attractive is that it is a pure asset. It does not yield interest  but does not run the risk of losing value in the way that falling exchange rates for debtor countries (or their outright default) will cause. This avoidance of currency risk has enabled gold (along with silver  and the dollar from 1945 until 1971) to traditionally serve as an alternative to holding money in the form of government debt  which historically has tended to build up to the point of currency depreciation and default.The problem is that gold is not in sufficient supply to serve as the major vehicle for international savings. That makes a gold-exchange standard deflationary  causing austerity that blocks economic growth and ultimately prevents the buildup of debts from being paid. So some form of international debt-based credit is necessary to finance new investment and growth without letting the debt burden impose austerity on the credit-recipient countries that prevents them from growing and paying their debts.9 That was the problem that Britain faced in 1944  and which Keynes’s proposed International Clearing Union sought to prevent. The same underlying debt problem confronts today’s global economy as the U.S. Persian Gulf war threatens to push the world into sharply rising trade deficits and depression.The Need for Debt Writedowns and Outright CancellationsToday’s economic crisis is not a cyclical downturn but the end of an era. It cannot be papered over with new loans to enable countries to pay their foreign debts while also financing their trade deficits for oil and food. The world’s post-1945 economic order has reached a dead end. It has reached the point that the Western economies did in 1931 when they found themselves obliged to declare a debt moratorium for Allied and German debts.The past century has seen the United States absorb the residue of European colonialism and use foreign lending as a lever to make the fiscal policy and central banks of debtor countries serve the interest of creditors (headed by itself) instead of promoting their own domestic growth. Their backlog of dollarized debt that has accumulated since 1945 is the result of the trade deficits caused by Western policy blocking them from the fiscal reforms  government infrastructure investment and social subsidies that made industrial capitalism so successful in its 19th-century takeoff in Europe and the United States. This state of affairs has reached its political and indeed moral limit as today’s soaring prices for oil and food imports threaten to prevent Global South countries from paying their foreign debts without subjecting their economies to deepening austerity  forced asset selloffs and even perhaps starvation.A debt writedown cancelling today’s Global South debts would wipe out the counterpart savings on the dollarized asset side of the international balance sheet. That would help wind down the financial neo-colonialism that imposes austerity on the economies administered by the compliant client oligarchies and military dictatorships which American diplomacy has sponsored. And reducing the existing debt overhang would reverse the polarization of wealth that has widened sharply since the 1980s as a result of the financial sector’s success in privatizing public infrastructure and blocking economic regulation intended to restrain rentier power.The Moral Asymmetry of Imposing Debt Liability on All Countries Except the U.S.The U.S. government has effectively imposed a forgiveness of its own debts by telling countries simply to use their inflow of dollars as a means of payment for financial balances among themselves. The dollars that it spends abroad end up in foreign central banks  which recycle them to the United States by buying its Treasury bonds and other IOUs as today’s international money. These dollar claims no longer are convertible into gold at a price equivalence of $35 an ounce as they were until 1971  and since then gold prices have risen more than a hundredfold against the dollar as the metal has resurged especially in recent years as an alternative monetary and investment vehicle to U.S. official dollar debts. In 1971 central bankers complied with U.S. pressure not to buy gold at its rising market price  and had no alternative to U.S. Treasury securities in place at that time. But by accepting dollars without their former obligation to “really pay” their holders  foreign governments have suffered what economists call an opportunity cost – a lost opportunity to resist America’s notorious “exorbitant privilege” of obtaining its free lunch  not to mention the currency risk of holding an asset that will fall in price as the U.S. economy weakens.The 55-year acceptance of the U.S. Treasury-debt standard has enabled the United States to avoid liability for its Cold War spending and neoliberal decline into industrial dependency on Asia. Yet it would be contrary to ideas of fairness and symmetry to let the United States avoid its own foreign debt liability while demanding that the rest of the world’s indebted countries sacrifice their own growth to pay foreign bondholders  banks and the IMF.What makes today’s dollarized international monetary system so asymmetrical is that the U.S. government debt has been run up without restraint through a combination of America’s Cold War spending and neoliberal deindustrialization. But U.S. administration of the post-1945 economic order has obliged other countries to adopt trade and tax policies that have caused balance-of-payments deficits which have been financed by running up foreign debts that oblige them to raise their interest rates to attract financial inflows to prevent the foreign exchange rates for their currency from declining.A lower exchange rate makes imports more expensive in their domestic currency  causing price inflation. In the face of having to pay rising debt service to foreign creditors  trying to stabilize their exchange rates obliges debtor countries to divert their government spending away from promoting their economic growth to obtain the dollars needed to pay their foreign creditors.Such diversion of income from highly indebted countries to foreign bondholders has been a feature of the West’s international financial system since the creation of international banking to provide war loans to European kings in the 12th and 13th centuries  and the speculative wave of European lending to newly independent countries that started in the 1820s. Many of today’s Global South countries won their fight for political independence from the European and Ottoman empires over the course of the 19th century. Hoping to emulate the success of Britain and other European industrial nations by restructuring their economies along more productive lines  these newly independent countries engaged British  French and subsequent investment bankers to help them finance and organize the needed investment  with the countries issuing bonds and granting concessions to build railroads  canals and organize public monopolies.Rife with fraud and insider dealing at the outset  these bond issues and grants of trade concessions led to debt pressures that had the effect of replacing the nominal political independence of these new countries with deepening financial dependency that blocked their industrial development.10 Defaults on their bond issues occurred almost immediately  because payments to foreign investors were due long before the hoped-for returns on the countries’ investments could be realized. Instead of these debts being written off as bad loans  bondholders won the support of their governments to intervene militarily and impose national monetary commissions or central banks run by the foreign creditors.Debtor countries became financial dependencies as control by foreign bankers replaced their former colonial military control. They became fiscal states obliged to give payment of debt service priority over financing their own domestic investment and growth as their treasuries and monetary authorities acted as collection agents for foreign creditors  who secured monopoly privileges and remitted their rents home.Foreign bankers and investors also were backed by their governments and local compliant rulers in privatizing local natural resources and their land rent  and in controlling client-country banking and credit allocation. The resulting rent extraction was at the expense of industrial and public investment in debt-dependent economies. It deepened the fiscal and financial dependency on foreign creditors and investors that has been primarily responsible for causing global economic polarization over the past two centuries.America’s post-1945 world order intensified this priority for the self-interest of creditors  headed by U.S. banks and foreign multinational investors. The past eight decades have seen the international economy polarize between financially dependent “host countries” and a cosmopolitan U.S.-centered creditor class of investors who insist that the legacy of debt overhead be paid and continue accruing interest  even as the world enters a period of potential depression and new fiscal and financial crisis. Forcing oil-dependent and food-deficit countries to pay their foreign debts has the effect of blocking them from investing in the means to achieve self-reliance and meaningful economic sovereignty  and in the face of America’s Oil War increasing oil and food prices sharply  will cause domestic depression and perhaps even starvation for some countries  as discussed above.Beyond the question of whether Global South citizens or Western creditors should bear the economic costs of America’s current war is the issue of who should bear the cost of loans that have been made without any realistic calculation of the ability of debtor countries to pay without impoverishing themselves (as distinct from their client oligarchies  many members of which are holders of their own national dollarized debts). In effect  the Western international debt system has been based on a misleading ideological deception. Instead of promoting the development of debtor countries  its aim is to place control of their government policy in the hands of the U.S. and other creditor-nation governments. The demand is that debts be paid without regard for the national sovereignty of debtor countries to invest in their own growth and self-reliance.Apart from debt cancellations  what these countries need are fiscal and monetary reforms along the lines that they initially hoped to follow – the lines that promoted the takeoff of industrial capitalism: public infrastructure investment in place of privatized monopolies  with the rental value of land and natural resources as the tax base  and the creation of money and credit managed as a public utility.The U.S.-sponsored post-1945 order has prevented Global South countries from pursuing these policies by supporting the drive by foreign bankers and investors to secure monopoly privileges and remit their rents home  while seeking to privatize natural resources and land rent and keeping banking and credit allocation in their own hands. The resulting rent extraction has been at the expense of industrial investment and the host economy’s cost of living and doing business. The rising debt overhead  along with the taxes imposed to carry it  intensified the financial dependency that  as explained above  has caused global financial and economic polarization over the past two centuries.China’s role in the New International Economic OrderWhat promises to enable countries to become independent of Western financial and trade sanctions  and free from the dollarized financial system itself  is the emergence of the critical mass of China  Russia and Iran. Their broad range of energy and food production  natural resources and industrial technology  along with military power  provide the preconditions for their self-reliance and resilience from Western interference as a base for other countries to join them. That is the prospect that the Shanghai Cooperation Organization annual meeting in Kyrgyzstan and the Eastern Economic Forum a week later in Vladivostok discussed to set the stage for gaining wider support at the BRICS’ September 2026 meetings in New Delhi.Central to this new critical mass is China’s emergence as the world’s largest industrial economy. Although its industrial socialism is called autocratic in the West  China is pursuing essentially the same policies as those which made U.S. and European industrial capitalism so successful in freeing their economies from the overhead of rentier payments to landlords  monopolists and usury-banking.11 China’s path to its industrial leadership has seen it keep finance and natural resource and infrastructure monopolies in the public domain. Its success demonstrates the superiority of its mixed public/private economy with strong public investment over today’s Western economies  whose former industrial capitalism has been untracked by neoliberal privatization into an extractive rentier finance capitalism (with American characteristics).By providing a successful mixed-economy alternative to that of Western finance capitalism  China is a threat to U.S. hegemony within today’s Western neoliberal order. Central to China’s productivity advantage has been the People’s Bank of China  which has made money creation public in character so as to finance tangible capital formation and production. China’s accumulation of $633 billion of U.S. Treasury securities and over $300 billion in gold holdings (as of June 2026) confirm the success of the industrial focus of its money and credit creation that has made it the world’s dominant manufacturing and technology exporter  investing for the long run instead of the financial short run.China’s aim in organizing its Belt and Road Initiative and related foreign trade and investment is to create a Eurasian land-based transportation and international port system as a win-win system of mutual gain for all participants. Its Western critics have warned that China might turn out to be as exploitative a creditor as Western economies have been by using “debt-trap diplomacy ” i.e.  creditor power as a lever to pry away ownership of the natural resources and infrastructure of debtor economies.At issue is whether international investment and inter-government credit will be equitable or predatory. That was the problem that Keynes sought to solve. His ICU was intended to avoid financial polarization between creditor and debtor economies by being empowered to oblige member governments that accumulated large creditor claims on debtor countries to write them down instead of requiring debtors to prioritize payment of foreign debt service over the domestic spending and investment needs for their economic growth.Keynes’s principle of writing down the financial claims of payments-surplus countries – and with them  the debts of chronic deficit countries – when they exceeded the ability to be paid without crippling economic growth provides a guideline that would ensure that China and other prospective major creditors would truly share their wealth. A new economic order along these lines would prevent major creditor nations from accumulating financial claims for payment in the “Western” way  by impoverishing debtor countries and imposing dependency to gain control of the debtors’ economies. China and other nations would extend loans to cover the cost of recipient countries making tangible productive investment  organized within a system of mutual gain. This system would aim at increasing the ability of investment- and loan-recipient countries to create economic surpluses capable of financing their own rising productivity and living standards  in addition to repaying the loans. The system would see increasing trade  infrastructure and other public investment expand economies throughout Asia and the Global South as well as the world economy as a whole.In addition to this overall rise in mutual prosperity from a more equitable and stable post-dollarized economic order  countries joining the critical mass of China  Russia and Iran would enjoy geopolitical benefits. Their trade and financial arrangements would be insulated from U.S. moves to destabilize their economies by weaponizing the dollarized system of trade and payments. And creation of an alternative to that system will diminish the ability of the United States and its allies to afford the cost of overt military attempts at coercion.What will happen to the Western U.S. allied countries rejecting the new economic order?The new international economic order will of course be resisted by the United States  which will strongly pressure other countries not to join it. It therefore seems likely that two blocs will co-exist for some time. One will comprise the Global Majority countries joining the new order  and the other will continue to operate within the U.S.-dollar system.But the cost of complying with America’s confrontational demands already is weakening its alliance with NATO Europe  Japan and South Korea  because it obliges them to refrain from importing less costly energy  raw materials and industrial products  while increasing their military spending at the cost of dismantling their domestic social and economic support. In time  the U.S.-centered bloc may become concentrated in the Western Hemisphere where America’s military and economic power is greatest.The power elites of the U.S.-centered bloc will try to preserve their financial wealth by maintaining the rentier finance capitalism that has polarized economies increasingly in their favor since the 1970s. But the internal political and ultimately financial strains of doing this will lead to local popular resistance  especially as the growing prosperity of the Asia-centered bloc attracts Western industrial and commercial interests seeking to participate in its economic success.At some point the Western economies may face a policy crisis much like that which spurred the reforms of industrial capitalism in the early 19th century  headed by the industrial class’s opposition to rentier income as not “real” wealth but a faux wealth overhead of real estate and other property claims  monopoly privileges and financial claims for payment (what 19th-century economists called “fictitious’ or “fictive” capital). In this scenario a revival of classical political economy would take place to redefine the character of what actually constitutes a “product ” GDP and real wealth.The new economic order provides an opportunity for today’s European and other post-industrial economies  including even that of the United States  to recover from their long detour into finance capitalism by resuming what seemed to 19th-century observers to be a natural evolution into a socialist mixed economy. They would return to the path of the industrial capitalism that achieved such great success in organizing natural monopolies as public utilities to provide basic needs at subsidized prices instead of being privatized to yield monopoly rents. And this time  Europe’s former colonial dependencies not locked into the U.S.-centered neoliberal order would pursue the same industrial strategy to build self-sustaining growing economies with more widespread prosperity.Economies in the new order would treat their money creation and the financial system of credit allocation as the key infrastructure monopoly to be socialized so as to steer it in the public interest. Governments will create money in the same way that today’s economies do through their central banks. National governments do not need to borrow from domestic or foreign creditors or even to levy taxes to finance their budget deficits. They can simply create the money.12 But central banks or national treasuries under industrial capitalist or socialist governments in the new order will do what the Peoples Bank of China does: They will create money for the purpose of financing new tangible investment and productivity and for other socially necessary purposes  not to finance the purchase of  or speculation in  real estate  industrial assets and financial securities already in place. This would resume the practice of Europe’s most advanced industrial economies of the late 19th century  above all Germany  which steered their banking systems to finance tangible investment in new means of production and distribution  not speculation such as characterized British merchant banking and still characterizes today’s Western banking systems. Finance and banking in the new economic order would thus be socialized and industrialized to fund productive investment.And while national governments can create their own money to finance such investment without levying taxes  there remains a strong logic for them to follow the most important guideline of the classical economists: namely  to tax the land rents of homes and commercial real estate  as well as the natural resource rents from agriculture to mining and oil  forests and other parts of the traditional public domain. Such taxation will save the economy from enriching a rent-extracting class and minimize the cost of production. This was the dream of the classical economists. They aimed at limiting industrial capitalism’s cost of production to the socially necessary cost of living and doing business  without the burden of economic rent. Such rent was deemed unnecessary and was to be either taxed away or avoided by making natural monopolies public infrastructure so as to prevent monopoly rents from being charged in the first place.What the new economic order requires most crucially  along with de-dollarization  is a guiding doctrine akin to the effort of classical political economy to distinguish material growth in industrial capital formation from financial and related rentier fortunes that take the form of a polarizing overhead burden that all successful societies in history have sought to minimize.NotesPublished by Demcoracy Collaborative  A Clean Slate: How the Oil War’s Aftermath Will Transform the World Economic Order  Septenber 26  2026. India in particular is being squeezed to refrain from buying Russian oil  and U.S. policy is even threatening China’s banks and those of other countries from facilitating payments to Iran for its oil shipments. The hyperinflations of Germany in 1921-1923 and France in 1925 followed the same pattern: First  trade and balance-of-payments deficits lead the exchange rate to decline. Then  domestic prices rise to reflect the increase in import prices (and also the contraction in domestic output). The central bank then prints money in an amount needed to transact economic activity at the higher price levels. Only in isolated cases such as Zimbabwe is a hyperinflation caused simply by domestic money creation into the economy. The typical pattern is a payments deficit caused by an attempt to pay foreign debts  leading to a decline in the exchange rate. See James Harvey Rogers  The Process of Inflation in France: 1914-1927 (New York  1929)  and Solomon Flink  The Reichsbank and Economic Germany (New York  1930). The same dynamic that culminated in the Great Crash of 1929 had occurred half a century earlier after the Franco-Prussian War ended in 1871. France had paid heavy reparations to Germany  whose monetary inflow fueled a speculative stock market bubble that crashed not only its own market but set off an international domino effect that included a crash of America’s own railroad bubble. As indicated above  during the German reparations debate economists such as Bertil Ohlin and Jacques Rueff insisted that Germany’s “transfer problem” of paying creditors could be solved simply by imposing monetary stringency. My Trade  Development and Foreign Debt (Dresden  2009) reviews how the pro-creditor insistence that austerity will enable countries to pay all their debts remains IMF doctrine in today’s world. Keynes’s analysis of the limits on how much debt service can be paid without injuring economies shaped his proposals for limiting creditor demands so as not to stifle debtor economies and force them to fall behind. The word bancor was a combination of fiat bank money and a term for gold  as in aur or oro. In 1969 the IMF would create its own Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) on this principle of monetizing fiat credit without providing an actual currency. SDRs are based on the U.S. dollar  the euro  Britain’s pound sterling  China’s yuan and Japan’s yen. The policies that made American agriculture so productive were grandfathered in as permitted exceptions to the free-trade rules: farm-price supports  agricultural extension services and subsidies  and import quotas blocking foreign competition. But for other countries  land reform has been viewed as threatening U.S. plantation investment in Central and South America. The United States also strongly opposed Europe’s enactment of its Common Agricultural Policy that emulated U.S. farm-support policies. I describe this and the general U.S. strategy of pro-creditor rules leading to financial dependency in Super Imperialism: The Economic Strategy of American Empire (1972  new ed. 2021). The need to provide such an alternative to gold and silver coinage is why bankers took the lead in monetizing public debt as paper money  starting with the Bank of England in 1694. Without such paper credit  debtor governments would have kept defaulting because there was not enough gold to finance the rising needs to pay for the increasing circulation of goods and services  not to mention war debts. Paper (now electronic) bank credit has financed a flow of debt service on the world’s exponentially expanding debt overhead. I describe this long process in detail in The West’s Financial Takeoff: From the Crusades to World War I (Dresden  in press  2026). What infuriates Western critics of Marx’s analysis of industrial capitalism is his emphasis on its revolutionary aim of freeing economies from the legacy of a rentier landlord class  monopolies and usury banking. In denouncing this focus  Marx’s critics are fighting against the policy reforms advocated by Adam Smith  David Ricardo  John Stuart Mill and the entire thrust of the 19th-century’s classical political economy and its concept of a free market as being one that would be free from rent-seeking so as to minimize its cost structure and become more competitive internationally.Europe’s international banking was based on feudal war lending and subsequent predatory 19th-century and later lending to countries that had not yet industrialized. Europe’s creditor and colonial power sought to keep them as producers of food and raw materials  hewers of wood and drawers of water instead of helping them emulate the reforms and takeoff that made European and American industrial capitalism so successful. The capitalism of these initial leading industrial powers bolstered its profits by keeping the periphery as rent-yielding fields for industrial-nation investment in foreign natural resources and infrastructure monopolies and for debt financing.,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.69,True,English,"['A Clean Slate', 'World Economic Order', 'Michael Hudson', 'Oil War', 'Aftermath', 'Naked Capitalism fundraising week', 'mercantilist trade surplus nations', 'bi-lateral trade payment mechanisms', 'new international financial order', 'trade deficit nations', 'new international architecture', 'new international arrangements', 'estimable, in-depth discussion', 'foreign financial assets', 'Latin American wealthy', 'African flight capital', 'long term restructuring', 'new supranational institutions', 'sustained trade imbalances', 'World War II', 'senior bank officer', 'external debt crises', 'low external debt', 'good credit risks', 'Iran-War-triggered economic crisis', 'large trade surpluses', 'Global Majority states', 'low interest rates', 'new order', 'financial realm', 'trade competitiveness', 'new currency', 'new crisis', 'World Bank', 'credit card', 'payments imbalances', 'large balances', 'economic apocalypse', 'developing world', 'global GDP', 'bank staffers', 'good idea', 'good planning', 'BRICS states', 'debt repudiation', 'debt jubilee', 'personal debt', 'debt freebies', 'debt availability', 'predatory conduct', 'donation page', 'debit card', 'last year', 'current goal', 'daily Links', 'humble blogger', 'sober realist', 'best remedy', 'worse actors', 'hard work', 'many divisions', 'disorderly manner', 'political influence', 'major repositories', 'high levels', 'government employees', 'loan losses', '1997 type rout', 'precautionary measures', 'looming crisis', 'internal growth', 'rentier methodologies', 'crisis mechanism', 'structural solidity', 'BRICS summits', 'BRICS statements', 'Swiss banks', 'sanity check', 'Africa crew', 'other countries', 'Michael Hudson', 'Keynes’ bancor', '806 donors', 'efforts', 'corruption', 'PayPal', 'Clover', 'Wise', 'fundraiser', 'Yves', 'role', 'path', 'forecast', 'sorts', 'recommendation', 'prescription', 'problem', 'framing', 'reforms', 'starter', 'deficits', 'jobs', 'demand', 'China', 'Russia', 'leaders', 'regime', 'result', 'investment', 'innovation', 'layabouts', 'system', 'surrender', 'sovereignity', 'clout', 'acceptance', 'diktats', 'lack', 'consensus', 'will', 'participants', 'movement', 'importance', 'IMF', 'governance', 'say', 'design', 'democracies', 'doubts', 'rich', 'investors', 'creditors', 'Citicorp', 'instance', 'Experts', 'Thailand', 'sway', 'lots', 'fees', 'savings', 'husband', 'baht', 'tourism', 'exposure', 'breaks', 'mail', 'Amarynth', 'Sovereignista', 'addresses', 'speeches', 'stage', 'solution', 'deals', 'loans', 'choice', 'distinct', 'day', 'core', 'Asia', 'thinking']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,nakedcapitalism.com
57474,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chainlink-launches-ccip-2-0-to-maximize-the-utility-and-reach-of-institutional-digital-assets-across-blockchains-302891388.html,Chainlink Launches CCIP 2.0 to Maximize the Utility and Reach of Institutional Digital Assets Across Blockchains,Now live  CCIP 2.0 enables institutions to distribute tokenized assets across chains without rearchitecting their existing tech stack  launching with partners and industry supporters that include: AllUnity  Amazon Web Services  ANZ Bank  Archax  Bottomline  D…,"Now live  CCIP 2.0 enables institutions to distribute tokenized assets across chains without rearchitecting their existing tech stack  launching with partners and industry supporters that include: AllUnity  Amazon Web Services  ANZ Bank  Archax  Bottomline  Deutsche Börse Group's Crypto Finance  Fidelity International  Further Asset Management  Goldzip by the Hong Kong Gold Exchange  Google Cloud  Hastra by Figure  Infosys  Nethermind  SBI Digital Markets  Sygnum  Taurus  TokenX by SCBX  and xStocks.MIAMI  Sept. 28. 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Chainlink today launched CCIP 2.0  the next generation of its Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP). With this launch  institutions now have a neutral interoperability layer to distribute digital assets across blockchains  unlocking real-world utility while maintaining rigorous security  compliance  and speed requirements.With CCIP 2.0  institutions can connect across all relevant blockchains through a single integration  configure their security  compliance  and risk control frameworks on top  and carry that configuration forward as they expand without rebuilding for each new chain.Global finance is entering a new phase  where blockchain technology is becoming core financial market infrastructure  while regulatory developments across the United States and Europe give institutions a clearer foundation for launching commercial products. As a result  assets ranging from equities and funds to commodities and currencies are increasingly being issued and managed onchain.However  today's onchain markets are spread across a mix of public and private blockchains. This fragmentation limits distribution  making it harder for institutions to move assets and liquidity between markets. Solving this problem is not straightforward  as building connections in-house to each chain is expensive and time-consuming  while using infrastructure owned by a competitor creates unwanted dependencies. Moreover  many legacy bridging solutions have poor security track records  with billions lost to date. What the market needs is a neutral interoperability standard that institutions can use to connect across chains and jurisdictions with confidence; that gap is now filled by CCIP 2.0.Chainlink has spent years powering the decentralized oracle infrastructure that already secures tens of trillions of dollars in transaction value and has achieved ISO 27001 and SOC 2 Type 2 certification. CCIP 2.0 extends the same security foundation and credibly neutral design to cross-chain infrastructure.With CCIP 2.0  institutions can connect across all relevant blockchains through a single integration  configure their security  compliance  and risk control frameworks on top  and carry that configuration forward as they expand without rebuilding for each new chain. CCIP remains independent of the institutions  asset issuers  and protocols that use it to transact  establishing trust among counterparties and driving network effects that accelerate with adoption.The CCIP 2.0 upgrade launches with several new capabilities:User attestations: Participate in your cross-chain transactions by operating your own Cross-Chain Verifier (CCV)  adding a verification step that must be completed before CCIP can execute it. CCVs can run on your preferred cloud platform  with pre-built starter kits available for Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud.Participate in your cross-chain transactions by operating your own Cross-Chain Verifier (CCV)  adding a verification step that must be completed before CCIP can execute it. CCVs can run on your preferred cloud platform  with pre-built starter kits available for Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud. Additive security: Layer additional independent verification on top of CCIP's institutional-grade infrastructure using CCVs operated by you or third-party enterprise providers  such as Infosys and Nethermind.Layer additional independent verification on top of CCIP's institutional-grade infrastructure using CCVs operated by you or third-party enterprise providers  such as Infosys and Nethermind. Built-in compliance functionality: Enforce KYC  AML  sanctions screening  and more for every transaction automatically to enable compliance with internal risk and regulatory requirements.Enforce KYC  AML  sanctions screening  and more for every transaction automatically to enable compliance with internal risk and regulatory requirements. Configurable speed: Choose your finality speed to support near-instant transfers or to maximize security by waiting for full finality and custom approvals.Choose your finality speed to support near-instant transfers or to maximize security by waiting for full finality and custom approvals. Full lifecycle management: Access the broader Chainlink platform for trusted data  system integration  privacy protocols  and agentic workflows to unlock the full transaction lifecycle.CCIP is already the most value-securing cross-chain solution in the industry  with over $84 billion in total cross-chain token value. The growing ecosystem around the CCIP standard includes major blockchains (Ethereum  Base  Robinhood Chain)  the largest DeFi protocols (Aave  Lido  Maple)  top asset issuers and custodians (AllUnity  BitGo  Coinbase  Crypto Finance  Taurus  xStocks)  governments (the State of Wyoming's official stable token FRNT)  and major financial institutions (21X  ANZ Bank  Fidelity International  SBI Digital Markets  Swift  Sygnum)  among many others  placing CCIP firmly at the center of the convergence between DeFi and traditional finance.""Institutions need a neutral standard for moving digital assets across chains. Historically  legacy bridges have lost billions due to insecure infrastructure  while in-house builds are slow and expensive and institutions' proprietary networks can't earn the trust of their peers. CCIP solves this challenge by providing a shared  ISO 27001- and SOC 2 Type 2-certified infrastructure that has already enabled tens of trillions of dollars in transaction value for the world's largest financial institutions and DeFi protocols. No other solution combines a strong security track record and support for institutional risk controls with proven adoption and credible neutrality that every institution can trust."" — Johann Eid  Chief Business Officer  Chainlink Labs21X""21X brings regulated trading and settlement of tokenized securities directly on-chain. As an open multi-chain platform  interoperability is the key that unlocks institutional adoption of RWAs at scale. With CCIP 2.0  those institutions will gain greater control over the security and compliance of cross-chain transactions."" — Max J. Heinzle  CEO and founder  21X GroupAllUnity""At AllUnity  we believe stablecoins can serve as critical infrastructure for onchain finance  and secure  compliant cross-chain connectivity is essential to realizing that potential. By enabling institutions to move digital assets across different blockchains through a trusted interoperability layer  CCIP 2.0 can help unlock broader distribution  deeper liquidity  and greater utility for the next generation of digital financial products."" — Alexander Höptner  CEO  AllUnityAmazon Web Services""Institutional capital won't move across chains at scale without infrastructure it can verify and trust. By enabling institutions to spin up their own Cross-Chain Verifiers directly on Amazon Web Services  we provide them with another layer of assurance on top of Chainlink's cross-chain infrastructure  right within the environment where they already operate."" — Jane Ginsburg  AWS  GTM Head for Capital Markets and FintechANZ Bank""Banks require robust risk management and controls to scale tokenized asset settlement use cases  and together with Chainlink we've demonstrated secure cross-chain  cross-border settlement of tokenized assets. Using CCIP 2.0's enhanced verification and approval capabilities  we're able to expand across networks and markets with greater confidence  control  and scalability."" — Nigel Dobson  Executive General Manager  Payments ServicesArchax""For a regulated asset  compliance dictates that regulatory requirements follow that asset regardless of the chain it sits on. Our clients' tokenised assets are already live across multiple blockchain networks  and the protections that apply to them – such as eligibility  sanctions screening and exposure limits – can't stop at the edge of any one of them. CCIP 2.0 lets issuers define those rules once and enforce them wherever the asset moves  which is what institutions need before they operate on-chain at scale."" — Graham Rodford  CEO and Co-founder of Archax.Bottomline""The future of payments depends on seamless interoperability across traditional and digital asset networks. Through our collaboration with Chainlink  Global Pay Connect provides financial institutions with a secure and scalable path to connect existing payment infrastructure with emerging blockchain-based networks. Together  we are helping banks unlock new payment models and accelerate the adoption of digital assets without adding complexity to their operations. CCIP 2.0 provides the standards that banks require to move with confidence."" — Natasha Lapierre  Global Head of Product Strategy & Innovation  Financial MessagingDeutsche Börse Group's Crypto Finance""Custody is increasingly table stakes. The value we're focused on now is settlement  collateral mobility and capital efficiency for institutional digital assets  and that only works if it's connected across the networks our clients actually use. CCIP 2.0 is a meaningful step toward that kind of neutral  institutional-grade connectivity  and one we're glad to support as it scales."" — Philipp E. Dettwiler  Group Head Strategic Partnerships  Crypto Finance GroupFidelity International""Tokenised markets can only scale as quickly as the infrastructure supporting them. Chainlink bringing fund NAV data on-chain is an important component of our tokenised liquidity solution. CCIP 2.0 has the potential to support broader cross-chain distribution  helping extend access to new markets and sources of liquidity."" — Emma Pecenicic  Head of Digital Assets Distribution  Fidelity InternationalFurther Asset Management""Institutional adoption of digital assets depends on infrastructure that combines connectivity with defense-in-depth security. Further intends to partner with Chainlink to advance the security of infrastructure for institutions transacting on chain."" — Faisal Al Hammadi  Managing Partner  Further Asset ManagementInfosys""A key theme we hear from stakeholders is that security and assurance must be addressed in a way that fits into existing operations and controls. CCIP 2.0 provides an independent verification model designed to support trusted interoperability across blockchain networks while aligning to those requirements. We're excited to be working with Chainlink to help organizations assess  deploy  and operate CCV infrastructure as they expand across blockchain networks."" — Bill McCahey  Managing Director  Digital Assets  InfosysSBI Digital Markets""The next phase of tokenization is about moving to scalable market infrastructure. Our work with Chainlink has progressed from demonstrating automated tokenized fund operations to adopting Chainlink across our platform  and CCIP 2.0 provides the secure and compliant interoperability needed to connect those assets across markets and jurisdictions."" — CK Ong  Acting CEO  SBI Digital MarketsSygnum""Tokenization is entering its next phase – moving beyond issuance towards broader distribution and real-world utility. Secure interoperability across blockchain networks will be a critical enabler of that transition. At Sygnum  we see CCIP 2.0 as a promising infrastructure layer to support trusted and scalable distribution of tokenized assets across an increasingly interconnected digital asset ecosystem."" — Fatmire Bekiri  Head of Tokenization  Sygnum BankTaurus""Chainlink CCIP is a key standard for how digital assets are managed and distributed across global markets  enabling assets to move seamlessly between blockchains while maintaining institutional security  compliance  and operational controls."" — Lamine Brahimi  Co-Founder & Managing Partner  TaurusCCIP 2.0 is available to institutions and developers today. For a more detailed breakdown  read the blog.About ChainlinkChainlink is the industry-standard oracle platform bringing the capital markets onchain and the market leader powering the majority of DeFi. The Chainlink stack provides the essential data  interoperability  compliance  and privacy standards needed to power advanced blockchain use cases for institutional tokenized assets  lending  payments  stablecoins  and more. Since inventing decentralized oracle networks  Chainlink has enabled tens of trillions in transaction value and now secures the vast majority of DeFi.Many of the world's largest financial services institutions have also adopted Chainlink's standards and infrastructure  including Swift  Euroclear  Mastercard  Fidelity International  UBS  S&P Dow Jones Indices  FTSE Russell  WisdomTree  ANZ  and top protocols such as Aave  Polymarket  Lido  Lighter  and many others. Chainlink leverages a novel fee model where offchain and onchain revenue from enterprise adoption is converted to LINK tokens and stored in a strategic Chainlink Reserve. Learn more at chain.link.SOURCE Chainlink",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Institutional Digital Assets', 'Chainlink', 'CCIP 2.0', 'Utility', 'Reach', 'Blockchains', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Hong Kong Gold Exchange', 'many legacy bridging solutions', 'poor security track records', 'total cross-chain token value', 'core financial market infrastructure', 'existing tech stack', 'Amazon Web Services', 'SOC 2 Type 2 certification', 'third-party enterprise providers', 'neutral interoperability layer', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'value-securing cross-chain solution', 'Further Asset Management', 'risk control frameworks', 'additional independent verification', 'Full lifecycle management', 'preferred cloud platform', 'decentralized oracle infrastructure', 'several new capabilities', 'neutral interoperability standard', 'broader Chainlink platform', 'SBI Digital Markets', 'same security foundation', 'full transaction lifecycle', 'The CCIP 2.0 upgrade', 'rigorous security, compliance', 'transaction value', 'neutral design', 'cross-chain transactions', 'Cross-Chain Verifier', 'clearer foundation', 'asset issuers', 'verification step', 'internal risk', 'full finality', 'Google Cloud', 'institutional-grade infrastructure', 'new phase', 'chain infrastructure', 'ANZ Bank', 'Crypto Finance', 'Fidelity International', 'next generation', 'digital assets', 'real-world utility', 'speed requirements', 'single integration', 'new chain', 'Global finance', 'blockchain technology', 'regulatory developments', 'United States', 'commercial products', 'unwanted dependencies', 'network effects', 'User attestations', 'starter kits', 'Additive security', 'sanctions screening', 'regulatory requirements', 'Configurable speed', 'finality speed', 'instant transfers', 'custom approvals', 'trusted data', 'system integration', 'agentic workflows', 'growing ecosystem', 'relevant blockchains', 'private blockchains', 'CCIP standard', 'tokenized assets', 'industry supporters', 'onchain markets', 'compliance functionality', 'privacy protocols', 'institutions', 'partners', 'AllUnity', 'Archax', 'Bottomline', 'Goldzip', 'Hastra', 'Figure', 'Infosys', 'Nethermind', 'Sygnum', 'Taurus', 'TokenX', 'SCBX', 'xStocks', 'MIAMI', 'Sept.', 'PRNewswire', 'launch', 'top', 'configuration', 'Europe', 'result', 'equities', 'funds', 'commodities', 'currencies', 'mix', 'public', 'fragmentation', 'distribution', 'liquidity', 'problem', 'connections', 'house', 'competitor', 'billions', 'date', 'jurisdictions', 'confidence', 'gap', 'years', 'tens', 'trillions', 'dollars', 'ISO 27001', 'counterparties', 'adoption', 'CCV', 'KYC', 'AML', 'Enforce', 'major']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57475,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891855.html,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financi…,"PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI"" by thierry Ehrmann ""Dialogue entre un Penseur et l'IA"" par thierry Ehrmann""The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).""This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.""At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.""As of June 30  2026  shareholders' equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket's exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group's total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders' holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family's holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann's absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket's second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline ""Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice's Gradual Transition to Its 'AI-FIRST' Transformation "" thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com's Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com's proprietary vertical AI systems  ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket's business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family's and Groupe Serveur's confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF's secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors' and executives' transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government's ""Innovative Company"" designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d'investissement  France's public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com's Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market's digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market's influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby's  Christie's  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company's recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket's shareholders.Artprice's Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: ""It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.""Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers' expectations. In addition  Perplexity's original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.""Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.""Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity's media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people's work.""However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers' commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.""Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.""For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution ""more significant than the smartphone and the Internet "" echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an ""AI-First"" approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the ""Innovative Company"" designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice's late-2024 study ranked it as the ""top-of-mind"" art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice's presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: ""Which art market databases do you know?"" Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the ""top-of-mind"" art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice's Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice's ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice's databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world's most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice's historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice's position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice's CustomersArtprice's customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI's advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market's Specific Challenges and AI's ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists' biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page ""world-book "" as Gemini/Google describes it  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice's extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  ""The Global Memory of the Art Market""—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector's primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice's global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the ""entrusted pen"" (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts' provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice's business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an ""AI-First"" Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users' perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket's revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice's unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete ""AI-First"" environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice's exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and ""Blind Spot ©"" is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and Artmarket's Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity's form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice's subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world's only unpolluted ""crude oil wells."" Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients' workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers' mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice's privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice's databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market's specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history's golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies' influence beyond the traditional art market. France's Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann's La Demeure du Chaos—""Abode of Chaos "" as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice's headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'major editorial effort', 'Google AI Overview', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'un Penseur', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', ""shareholders' equity"", 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', ""AI-FIRST' Transformation"", 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', ""executives' transactions"", 'other notifications', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', ""shareholders' holdings"", 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'Dialogue', 'Thinker', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57476,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891864.html,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financi…,"PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI"" by thierry Ehrmann ""Dialogue entre un Penseur et l'IA"" par thierry Ehrmann""The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).""This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.""At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.""As of June 30  2026  shareholders' equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket's exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group's total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders' holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family's holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann's absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket's second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline ""Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice's Gradual Transition to Its 'AI-FIRST' Transformation "" thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com's Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com's proprietary vertical AI systems  ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket's business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family's and Groupe Serveur's confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF's secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors' and executives' transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government's ""Innovative Company"" designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d'investissement  France's public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com's Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market's digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market's influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby's  Christie's  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company's recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket's shareholders.Artprice's Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: ""It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.""Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers' expectations. In addition  Perplexity's original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.""Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.""Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity's media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people's work.""However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers' commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.""Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.""For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution ""more significant than the smartphone and the Internet "" echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an ""AI-First"" approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the ""Innovative Company"" designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice's late-2024 study ranked it as the ""top-of-mind"" art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice's presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: ""Which art market databases do you know?"" Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the ""top-of-mind"" art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice's Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice's ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice's databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world's most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice's historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice's position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice's CustomersArtprice's customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI's advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market's Specific Challenges and AI's ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists' biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page ""world-book "" as Gemini/Google describes it  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice's extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  ""The Global Memory of the Art Market""—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector's primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice's global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the ""entrusted pen"" (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts' provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice's business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an ""AI-First"" Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users' perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket's revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice's unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete ""AI-First"" environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice's exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and ""Blind Spot ©"" is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and Artmarket's Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity's form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice's subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world's only unpolluted ""crude oil wells."" Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients' workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers' mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice's privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice's databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market's specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history's golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies' influence beyond the traditional art market. France's Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann's La Demeure du Chaos—""Abode of Chaos "" as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice's headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'major editorial effort', 'Google AI Overview', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'un Penseur', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', ""shareholders' equity"", 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', ""AI-FIRST' Transformation"", 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', ""executives' transactions"", 'other notifications', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', ""shareholders' holdings"", 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'Dialogue', 'Thinker', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57477,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://smartbusinesnews.com/business/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-report-one-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-2026-2030/,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030","Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030smartbusinesnews.com",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ — Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:“The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).“This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.“At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.”As of June 30  2026  shareholders’ equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world’s largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket’s exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group’s total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com’s Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders’ holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family’s holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann’s absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket’s second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline “Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice’s Gradual Transition to Its ‘AI-FIRST’ Transformation ” thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com’s Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com’s proprietary vertical AI systems  “Intuitive Art Market ©” and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket’s business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family’s and Groupe Serveur’s confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF’s secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors’ and executives’ transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com’s Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government’s “Innovative Company” designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d’investissement  France’s public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market’s digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market’s influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby’s  Christie’s  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company’s recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket’s shareholders.Artprice’s Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: “It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.“Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers’ expectations. In addition  Perplexity’s original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.“Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.“Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity’s media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people’s work.“However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers’ commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.“Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.”For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution “more significant than the smartphone and the Internet ” echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an “AI-First” approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the “Innovative Company” designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world’s largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice’s late-2024 study ranked it as the “top-of-mind” art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice’s presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: “Which art market databases do you know?” Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the “top-of-mind” art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice’s Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice’s ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice’s databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world’s most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice’s historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice’s position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice’s CustomersArtprice’s customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI’s advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market’s Specific Challenges and AI’s ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists’ biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page “world-book ” as Gemini/Google describes it  “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice’s extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  “The Global Memory of the Art Market”—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector’s primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice’s global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI’s involvement in literature touches on humanity’s understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the “entrusted pen” (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts’ provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice’s business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI’s involvement in literature touches on humanity’s understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an “AI-First” Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users’ perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket’s revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice’s unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete “AI-First” environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice’s exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems “Intuitive Art Market ©” and “Blind Spot ©” is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s founder and Artmarket’s Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity’s form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice’s subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world’s only unpolluted “crude oil wells.” Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients’ workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers’ mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice’s privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice’s databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market’s specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history’s golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies’ influence beyond the traditional art market. France’s Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann’s La Demeure du Chaos—”Abode of Chaos ” as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice’s headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com – www.artmarket.comArtprice’s econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: econometrics@artprice.comFind out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 – Bloomberg: PRC – Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company’s CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who’s Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice’s Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label “Innovative Company” by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann’s Abode of Chaos as a ‘total work of art’  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L’Obs – The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department – Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891864.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.35,0.24,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'Google AI Overview', 'major editorial effort', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', 'shareholders’ equity', 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', 'AI-FIRST’ Transformation', 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', 'executives’ transactions', 'other notifications', 'First disclosure', 'Second disclosure', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', 'shareholders’ holdings', 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion', 'No.']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,smartbusinesnews.com
57478,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/hong-kong-launches-4-year-euro-digital-green-bond-term-sheet-shows-6414606,Hong Kong launches 4-year euro digital green bond  term sheet shows,HONG KONG  Sept 28 : Hong Kong's government launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro green bond in digital form and set final price guidance at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet on Monday.Here are more details from the sheet:• The b…,HONG KONG  Sept 28 : Hong Kong's government launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro green bond in digital form and set final price guidance at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet on Monday.Here are more details from the sheet:• The bond is due to settle on Tuesday and will pay a fixed coupon twice a year. The final size and coupon have not yet been set.• The city plans to list them on Hong Kong's stock exchange.• The government will use the proceeds to fund or refinance eligible environmental projects under its Green Bond Framework.• The bond will be recorded electronically rather than issued as paper certificates. They will use HSBC's Orion digital platform and clear through the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's Central Moneymarkets unit  which is linked to Euroclear and Clearstream.• Hong Kong is rated Aa3 by Moody's  AA+ by S&P and AA- by Fitch.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['4-year euro digital green bond', 'Hong Kong', 'term sheet', 'benchmark-sized, four-year euro green bond', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'Green Bond Framework', 'eligible environmental projects', 'Central Moneymarkets unit', 'final price guidance', 'Orion digital platform', 'digital form', 'final size', '11 basis points', 'stock exchange', 'paper certificates', 'S&P', 'term sheet', 'fixed coupon', 'government', 'mid-swaps', 'Monday', 'details', 'Tuesday', 'city', 'proceeds', 'HSBC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Moody', 'AA', 'Fitch']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,channelnewsasia.com
57479,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/us-stocks/news/global-market-hong-kong-sets-pricing-guidance-for-four-year-digital-green-bond/articleshow/134534365.cms,Global Market: Hong Kong sets pricing guidance for four-year digital green bond,The Hong Kong government is set to launch a significant four-year euro-denominated green bond in a digital format. With its initial pricing guidance of 11 basis points above mid-swaps  the settlement is scheduled for Tuesday. The funds raised will support eco…,Live Eventsas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Addas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now!(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our ETMarkets WhatsApp channelHong Kong's government has launched a benchmark-sized  four-year euro-denominated green bond in digital form  with initial pricing guidance set at 11 basis points above mid-swaps  according to a term sheet reviewed by Reuters on Monday.The bond is scheduled to settle on Tuesday  with the final issue size and coupon yet to be determined. It will carry a fixed coupon that will be paid twice a year.The government plans to list the bond on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Proceeds will be used to finance or refinance eligible environmental projects under Hong Kong's Green Bond Framework The transaction marks another step in Hong Kong's efforts to expand the use of digital infrastructure in capital markets. The bonds will be recorded electronically rather than issued as paper certificates  with HSBC's Orion digital platform being used for issuance  Reuters reported.Settlement and clearing will take place through the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's Central Moneymarkets Unit  which is linked to international securities depositories Euroclear and Clearstream  according to the term sheet.The digital format is designed to integrate the bond with existing financial-market infrastructure while enabling the government to raise funds for projects that meet its environmental financing criteria.Hong Kong carries Aa3  AA+ and AA- sovereign ratings from Moody's  S&P and Fitch  respectively.The transaction comes as governments and financial institutions increasingly explore digital bond issuance  including the use of electronic platforms and distributed-ledger technology  to streamline issuance and settlement in capital markets  Reuters reported.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['four-year digital green bond', 'Global Market', 'Hong Kong', 'pricing guidance', 'benchmark-sized, four-year euro-denominated green bond', 'Trusted News Source Addas', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'Green Bond Framework', 'ETMarkets WhatsApp channel', 'initial pricing guidance', 'final issue size', 'Central Moneymarkets Unit', 'international securities depositories', 'environmental financing criteria', 'AA- sovereign ratings', 'existing financial-market infrastructure', 'Orion digital platform', 'eligible environmental projects', 'digital bond issuance', 'digital infrastructure', 'digital form', 'Live Events', 'capital markets', 'paper certificates', 'S&P', 'financial institutions', 'electronic platforms', 'distributed-ledger technology', 'fixed coupon', 'term sheet', 'Reliable', 'government', '11 basis', 'mid-swaps', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Proceeds', 'transaction', 'step', 'efforts', 'use', 'bonds', 'HSBC', 'Settlement', 'clearing', 'place', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'funds', 'AA+', 'Moody', 'Fitch']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,economictimes.indiatimes.com
57480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arcadis-deepens-autodesk-collaboration-to-accelerate-ai-and-data-led-delivery-for-clients-302890861.html,Arcadis deepens Autodesk collaboration to accelerate AI and data-led delivery for clients,AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets  today announced an expanded collaboration with Auto…,"AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets  today announced an expanded collaboration with Autodesk to accelerate the use of artificial intelligence  connected data and digital workflows across the built and natural environment  whilst keeping human expertise and judgment at the center of delivery for clients. By aligning Arcadis' industry expertise and growth ambitions with Autodesk's platform innovation  the collaboration is designed to create shared value and support the long-term success of both companies.The collaboration combines Arcadis' embedded domain expertise in design  engineering  sustainability and project delivery with Autodesk's Design and Make platform and Autodesk AI  including Autodesk Assistant  which understands geometry  engineering intent and project history. It is an accelerator of Arcadis' AI and Data & Knowledge strategy  helping the company bring its own knowledge  standards and client experience into the digital workflows where project decisions are made. One example is See Through Walls  a joint project using AI  sensor data and predictive modeling to infer the condition of what is hidden inside existing buildings  supporting material reuse  circularity and decarbonization.For clients  this work is designed to make digital and AI-enabled delivery more practical  consistent and valuable across complex projects. Arcadis applies its asset knowledge  judgment  client standards and sector expertise needed to apply digital and AI tools to real-world challenges. That work runs on the Autodesk platform  where AI outputs can be checked against real project data and the conditions a design must meet. Together  this helps clients make better informed decisions  improve quality and resilience  reduce delivery risk  and increase productivity.Technology alone does not create value. Adoption does. Arcadis' people remain central to how AI and digital capabilities are translated into better  reviewed and verified outcomes for clients  enabling teams to apply their expertise in new ways while improving speed  accuracy and consistency in delivery. This strategic partnership between industry leaders  stronger platform approach utilizing Arcadis domain expertise  practical AI advancements and joint research activities bring differentiated value for Arcadis clients.Heather Polinsky  CEO  Arcadis  said: ""Our clients choose Arcadis because of the knowledge  judgment and experience of our people. That expertise remains at the heart of how we create value. Working with Autodesk  we are bringing that knowledge directly into the workflows where our teams design and decide. By combining our expertise with AI  data and digital capabilities  we can help our teams work smarter  more efficiently and with greater accuracy  giving them more time to focus on the complex challenges our clients need us to solve.""Andrew Anagnost  President and CEO  Autodesk  said: ""Arcadis and its strong leadership team are clearly organizing for the future  not simply adopting new technology. They understand that AI creates the most value when grounded in deep industry expertise  trusted data  and real-world context. That's how AI becomes project intelligence  helping people make better decisions and deliver better outcomes for clients.""Arcadis is connecting its own Model Context Protocol (MCP) capabilities with Autodesk Assistant  a flexible approach that lets Arcadis' knowledge  standards  and guidance be applied within AI-powered workflows while retaining full ownership of what it builds.Arcadis' wider digital ecosystem includes partnerships with other leading organizations. Together  these capabilities support Arcadis' services model  bringing domain experts  product teams  data specialists and client teams together to redesign workflows that can create repeatable and scalable value across clients  sectors and geographies.Existing AI and automation initiatives across Arcadis in North America and Europe  are already delivering measurable efficiencies. In one example  automation has reduced quality reviews from five days to approximately half a day  demonstrating the potential to release capacity  improve consistency  and support faster project delivery.Arcadis creates value for clients by combining a focused group of world-class digital technology partners  including Autodesk  with fast-moving startup solution partners and Arcadis' engineering expertise. This approach enables Arcadis to integrate proven platforms with emerging innovations and sector knowledge  creating practical  well-connected solutions that improve project delivery  support better decision-making  and deliver real outcomes for customers.ABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering  and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets. We are around 34 000 architects  data analysts  designers  engineers  project planners  water management and sustainability experts  all driven by our passion for improving quality of life. As part of our commitment to accelerating a planet positive future  we work with our clients to make sustainable project choices  combining digital and human innovation  and embracing future-focused skills across the environment  energy and water  buildings  transport  and infrastructure sectors. We operate in over 30 countries  and reported €4.9 billion in gross revenues for 2025. www.arcadis.com",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['Autodesk collaboration', 'data-led delivery', 'Arcadis', 'AI', 'clients', 'moving startup solution partners', 'world-class digital technology partners', 'strong leadership team', 'half a day', 'joint research activities', 'Model Context Protocol', 'other leading organizations', 'practical, well-connected solutions', 'wider digital ecosystem', 'embedded domain expertise', 'deep industry expertise', 'data-driven sustainable design', 'practical AI advancements', ""Arcadis' services model"", 'faster project delivery', 'real project data', ""Arcadis' industry expertise"", 'Arcadis domain expertise', ""Arcadis' engineering expertise"", 'joint project', 'industry leaders', 'domain experts', 'real-world context', 'consultancy solutions', 'new technology', 'project history', 'project intelligence', 'project planners', 'human expertise', 'sector expertise', 'leading company', 'artificial intelligence', 'growth ambitions', 'platform innovation', 'long-term success', 'Make platform', 'One example', 'predictive modeling', 'existing buildings', 'material reuse', 'complex projects', 'real-world challenges', 'new ways', 'strategic partnership', 'stronger platform', 'Heather Polinsky', 'complex challenges', 'Andrew Anagnost', 'full ownership', 'North America', 'measurable efficiencies', 'five days', 'focused group', 'proven platforms', 'emerging innovations', 'project decisions', 'connected data', 'sensor data', 'digital capabilities', 'trusted data', 'data specialists', 'data analysts', 'AI-enabled delivery', 'delivery risk', 'real outcomes', 'MCP) capabilities', 'digital workflows', 'AI tools', 'AI outputs', 'Existing AI', 'informed decisions', 'engineering intent', 'AI-powered workflows', 'client experience', 'greater accuracy', 'flexible approach', 'automation initiatives', 'quality reviews', 'built assets', 'shared value', 'Knowledge strategy', 'asset knowledge', 'differentiated value', 'scalable value', 'sector knowledge', 'Autodesk Assistant', 'Autodesk platform', 'product teams', 'client teams', 'expanded collaboration', 'natural environment', 'client standards', ""Arcadis' AI"", 'Autodesk AI', ""Arcadis' people"", 'Arcadis clients', 'AMSTERDAM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'judgment', 'center', 'companies', 'sustainability', 'geometry', 'accelerator', 'Walls', 'condition', 'circularity', 'decarbonization', 'resilience', 'productivity', 'Adoption', 'speed', 'consistency', 'CEO', 'heart', 'time', 'President', 'future', 'guidance', 'partnerships', 'repeatable', 'sectors', 'geographies', 'Europe', 'potential', 'capacity', 'decision-making', 'customers', 'ABOUT', '34,000 architects', 'designers', 'engineers', 'water']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arcadis-deepens-autodesk-collaboration-to-accelerate-ai-and-data-led-delivery-for-clients-302890859.html,Arcadis deepens Autodesk collaboration to accelerate AI and data-led delivery for clients,AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets  today announced an expanded collaboration with Auto…,"AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets  today announced an expanded collaboration with Autodesk to accelerate the use of artificial intelligence  connected data and digital workflows across the built and natural environment  whilst keeping human expertise and judgment at the center of delivery for clients. By aligning Arcadis' industry expertise and growth ambitions with Autodesk's platform innovation  the collaboration is designed to create shared value and support the long-term success of both companies.The collaboration combines Arcadis' embedded domain expertise in design  engineering  sustainability and project delivery with Autodesk's Design and Make platform and Autodesk AI  including Autodesk Assistant  which understands geometry  engineering intent and project history. It is an accelerator of Arcadis' AI and Data & Knowledge strategy  helping the company bring its own knowledge  standards and client experience into the digital workflows where project decisions are made. One example is See Through Walls  a joint project using AI  sensor data and predictive modeling to infer the condition of what is hidden inside existing buildings  supporting material reuse  circularity and decarbonization.For clients  this work is designed to make digital and AI-enabled delivery more practical  consistent and valuable across complex projects. Arcadis applies its asset knowledge  judgment  client standards and sector expertise needed to apply digital and AI tools to real-world challenges. That work runs on the Autodesk platform  where AI outputs can be checked against real project data and the conditions a design must meet. Together  this helps clients make better informed decisions  improve quality and resilience  reduce delivery risk  and increase productivity.Technology alone does not create value. Adoption does. Arcadis' people remain central to how AI and digital capabilities are translated into better  reviewed and verified outcomes for clients  enabling teams to apply their expertise in new ways while improving speed  accuracy and consistency in delivery. This strategic partnership between industry leaders  stronger platform approach utilizing Arcadis domain expertise  practical AI advancements and joint research activities bring differentiated value for Arcadis clients.Heather Polinsky  CEO  Arcadis  said: ""Our clients choose Arcadis because of the knowledge  judgment and experience of our people. That expertise remains at the heart of how we create value. Working with Autodesk  we are bringing that knowledge directly into the workflows where our teams design and decide. By combining our expertise with AI  data and digital capabilities  we can help our teams work smarter  more efficiently and with greater accuracy  giving them more time to focus on the complex challenges our clients need us to solve.""Andrew Anagnost  President and CEO  Autodesk  said: ""Arcadis and its strong leadership team are clearly organizing for the future  not simply adopting new technology. They understand that AI creates the most value when grounded in deep industry expertise  trusted data  and real-world context. That's how AI becomes project intelligence  helping people make better decisions and deliver better outcomes for clients.""Arcadis is connecting its own Model Context Protocol (MCP) capabilities with Autodesk Assistant  a flexible approach that lets Arcadis' knowledge  standards  and guidance be applied within AI-powered workflows while retaining full ownership of what it builds.Arcadis' wider digital ecosystem includes partnerships with other leading organizations. Together  these capabilities support Arcadis' services model  bringing domain experts  product teams  data specialists and client teams together to redesign workflows that can create repeatable and scalable value across clients  sectors and geographies.Existing AI and automation initiatives across Arcadis in North America and Europe  are already delivering measurable efficiencies. In one example  automation has reduced quality reviews from five days to approximately half a day  demonstrating the potential to release capacity  improve consistency  and support faster project delivery.Arcadis creates value for clients by combining a focused group of world-class digital technology partners  including Autodesk  with fast-moving startup solution partners and Arcadis' engineering expertise. This approach enables Arcadis to integrate proven platforms with emerging innovations and sector knowledge  creating practical  well-connected solutions that improve project delivery  support better decision-making  and deliver real outcomes for customers.ABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the world's leading company delivering data-driven sustainable design  engineering  and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets. We are around 34 000 architects  data analysts  designers  engineers  project planners  water management and sustainability experts  all driven by our passion for improving quality of life. As part of our commitment to accelerating a planet positive future  we work with our clients to make sustainable project choices  combining digital and human innovation  and embracing future-focused skills across the environment  energy and water  buildings  transport  and infrastructure sectors. We operate in over 30 countries  and reported €4.9 billion in gross revenues for 2025. www.arcadis.comSOURCE Arcadis",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['Autodesk collaboration', 'data-led delivery', 'Arcadis', 'AI', 'clients', 'moving startup solution partners', 'world-class digital technology partners', 'strong leadership team', 'half a day', 'joint research activities', 'Model Context Protocol', 'other leading organizations', 'practical, well-connected solutions', 'wider digital ecosystem', 'embedded domain expertise', 'deep industry expertise', 'data-driven sustainable design', 'practical AI advancements', ""Arcadis' services model"", 'faster project delivery', 'real project data', ""Arcadis' industry expertise"", 'Arcadis domain expertise', ""Arcadis' engineering expertise"", 'joint project', 'industry leaders', 'domain experts', 'real-world context', 'consultancy solutions', 'new technology', 'project history', 'project intelligence', 'project planners', 'human expertise', 'sector expertise', 'leading company', 'artificial intelligence', 'growth ambitions', 'platform innovation', 'long-term success', 'Make platform', 'One example', 'predictive modeling', 'existing buildings', 'material reuse', 'complex projects', 'real-world challenges', 'new ways', 'strategic partnership', 'stronger platform', 'Heather Polinsky', 'complex challenges', 'Andrew Anagnost', 'full ownership', 'North America', 'measurable efficiencies', 'five days', 'focused group', 'proven platforms', 'emerging innovations', 'project decisions', 'connected data', 'sensor data', 'digital capabilities', 'trusted data', 'data specialists', 'data analysts', 'AI-enabled delivery', 'delivery risk', 'real outcomes', 'MCP) capabilities', 'digital workflows', 'AI tools', 'AI outputs', 'Existing AI', 'informed decisions', 'engineering intent', 'AI-powered workflows', 'client experience', 'greater accuracy', 'flexible approach', 'automation initiatives', 'quality reviews', 'built assets', 'shared value', 'Knowledge strategy', 'asset knowledge', 'differentiated value', 'scalable value', 'sector knowledge', 'Autodesk Assistant', 'Autodesk platform', 'product teams', 'client teams', 'expanded collaboration', 'natural environment', 'client standards', ""Arcadis' AI"", 'Autodesk AI', ""Arcadis' people"", 'Arcadis clients', 'AMSTERDAM', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'judgment', 'center', 'companies', 'sustainability', 'geometry', 'accelerator', 'Walls', 'condition', 'circularity', 'decarbonization', 'resilience', 'productivity', 'Adoption', 'speed', 'consistency', 'CEO', 'heart', 'time', 'President', 'future', 'guidance', 'partnerships', 'repeatable', 'sectors', 'geographies', 'Europe', 'potential', 'capacity', 'decision-making', 'customers', 'ABOUT', '34,000 architects', 'designers', 'engineers', 'water']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oci-global-reports-h1-2026-results-302891691.html,OCI Global Reports H1 2026 Results,"AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Hassan Badrawi  CEO of OCI Global commented: ""During the first half of 2026  OCI advanced the final stages of its strategic review. We completed the sale of our global ammonia distribution and terminal business to AGR…","AMSTERDAM  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ --Hassan Badrawi  CEO of OCI Global commented:View PDF H1 2026 Results Report and Financial Statements""During the first half of 2026  OCI advanced the final stages of its strategic review. We completed the sale of our global ammonia distribution and terminal business to AGROFERT  handed over Beaumont New Ammonia to Woodside and monetized our entire investment in Methanex. In June  we reached agreement with AGROFERT for the sale of an initial 50% interest in OCI Nitrogen  expected to close in the second half of 2027  together with a mechanism for the subsequent sale of the remaining interest. The agreement provides a pathway for OCI Nitrogen to transition to a strategic owner with an established position in European nitrogen markets  supporting continuity for its employees  customers and operations.Alongside these developments  and with the consent of the directors appointed by the Enterprise Chamber  we have convened an extraordinary general meeting at which shareholders will be asked to approve the proposed combination with Orascom Construction. The offer period for NNS's recommended public cash offer for all OCI shares commenced on 15 September 2026  providing shareholders with a cash exit alternative  subject to the terms and conditions of the offer.Throughout this process  our priorities remain maintaining operational discipline at OCI Nitrogen amid challenging market conditions  managing the Group's remaining assets and obligations and completing the transactions required to conclude OCI's strategic transformation.""Basis of preparationAs of 30 June 2026  OCI's remaining assets and liabilities  including OCI Nitrogen (""OCIN"")  are classified as held for sale in connection with the proposed combination with Orascom Construction PLC (""Orascom Construction"" or ""OC""). With no continuing operations remaining  the Group's results are presented entirely within discontinued operations  including results of disposed businesses up to their respective completion dates. The H1 2025 income statement and cash flow comparatives have been re-presented accordingly.OCI has discontinued alternative performance measure (APM) adjustments  reflecting their reduced relevance to management's assessment of underlying operating performance and strategic decision-making.For further details of the Group's financial performance and position  please refer to OCI N.V.'s published Semi-annual Report H1 2026  included as an appendix to this press release.Key Financial HighlightsH1 2026 Key HighlightsOCI Global (Euronext: OCI) reported net profit attributable to shareholders of USD 1 million in H1 2026  compared with USD 343 million in H1 2025. The H1 2026 result includes a USD 238 million gain on the disposal of OCI Ammonia Holding (""OCI AH"")  largely offset by an impairment charge at OCI Nitrogen. The prior-year result included a USD 688 million gain on the sale of OCI Methanol.compared with USD 343 million in H1 2025. The H1 2026 result includes a USD 238 million gain on the disposal of OCI Ammonia Holding (""OCI AH"")  largely offset by an impairment charge at OCI Nitrogen. The prior-year result included a USD 688 million gain on the sale of OCI Methanol. The OCI Nitrogen segment reported revenue of USD 534 million in H1 2026  compared with USD 566 million in H1 2025 [1] . Operating profit increased to USD 53 million from a loss of USD 21 million in the prior-year period  reflecting favorable market conditions in the beginning of the period  as more fully described below. Despite positive earnings during the first half of 2026  OCI Nitrogen reported negative free cash flow of USD 2 million. More recently  OCI Nitrogen has experienced increased margin pressure as higher European TTF gas prices have coincided with declining product selling prices and weaker demand in certain end markets. As a result  operating performance in July and August 2026 deteriorated materially relative to the levels achieved in H1 2026. Management estimates adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for July and August 2026 of approximately USD 8 million and negative USD 16 million  respectively. Management's outlook for the remainder of 2026 reflects a continuation of these less favourable market conditions.compared with USD 566 million in H1 2025 . reflecting favorable market conditions in the beginning of the period  as more fully described below. Despite positive earnings during the first half of 2026  OCI Nitrogen reported negative free cash flow of USD 2 million. More recently  OCI Nitrogen has experienced increased margin pressure as higher European TTF gas prices have coincided with declining product selling prices and weaker demand in certain end markets. As a result  operating performance in July and August 2026 deteriorated materially relative to the levels achieved in H1 2026. Management estimates adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for July and August 2026 of approximately USD 8 million and negative USD 16 million  respectively. Management's outlook for the remainder of 2026 reflects a continuation of these less favourable market conditions. OCI Nitrogen reported a net loss attributable to shareholders of USD 175 million in H1 2026  compared with a net loss of USD 12 million in H1 2025.compared with a net loss of USD 12 million in H1 2025. Prior to its classification as held for sale on 1 June 2026  OCI Nitrogen recognised a non-cash impairment charge of USD 215 million   which resulted in a June 30 carrying value of USD 123 million after management concluded that the carrying amount of the business exceeded its fair value less costs of disposal. The assessment reflected the impact of sustained geopolitical tensions  including elevated European natural gas prices  volatility in nitrogen markets and significant disruption at major on-site customers  which reduced customer operating rates and ammonia offtake.  which resulted in a June 30 carrying value of USD 123 million after management concluded that the carrying amount of the business exceeded its fair value less costs of disposal. The assessment reflected the impact of sustained geopolitical tensions  including elevated European natural gas prices  volatility in nitrogen markets and significant disruption at major on-site customers  which reduced customer operating rates and ammonia offtake. Total corporate costs within Corporate Entities were USD 58 million in H1 2026  compared with USD 69 million in H1 2025. A substantial portion of H1 2026 costs related to strategic transactions  legal and advisory expenses  Enterprise Chamber proceedings and other costs associated with the Company's ongoing transformation.Net Cash HighlightsAs of 30 June 2026  held-for-sale net cash was USD 1.05 billion. This compares with a net cash position of USD 695 million on 31 March 2026 and net debt of USD 54 million on 31 December 2025. The increase during H1 2026 primarily reflects receipts relating to the handover of Beaumont New Ammonia  net proceeds from the OCI AH disposal and the sale of Methanex shares. This was partially offset by corporate cash outflows  including one-off items  and a net cash outflow at OCI Nitrogen.Key Strategic and Business HighlightsProposed Combination with Orascom Construction and NNS Cash OfferOCI continues to progress its proposed combination with Orascom Construction  announced on 9 December 2025 (the ""Combination""). The Combination would establish an Abu Dhabi-anchored infrastructure and investment platform  combining OC's construction and concessions expertise with OCI's capital base and investment experience.On 14 September 2026  NNS Holding (Cyprus) Limited (""NNS"") published its AFM-approved offer memorandum for its voluntary all-cash public offer to acquire OCI shares at EUR 4.10 per share  cum dividend (the ""Offer""). The acceptance period opened at 09:00 CEST on 15 September 2026 and remains open  with a scheduled closing deadline of 17:40 CET on 17 November 2026  unless extended. The Offer has no minimum acceptance threshold and is subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Offer Memorandum.OCI published its position statement on 15 September 2026  setting out the directors' respective assessments of the Offer. The Independent Directors [2] unanimously recommend the Offer  on its terms and subject to its conditions  and continue to recommend the Combination. Their assessment was informed by independent advice  including Alvarez & Marsal's solvent wind-down analysis and Rothschild & Co's fairness opinion. They consider the Offer financially more attractive than a solvent wind-down but do not express a preference between tendering shares into the Offer and participating in the Combination. Shareholders are encouraged to make their own assessment  taking into account their individual circumstances and investment objectives.unanimously recommend the Offer  on its terms and subject to its conditions  and continue to recommend the Combination. Their assessment was informed by independent advice  including Alvarez & Marsal's solvent wind-down analysis and Rothschild & Co's fairness opinion. They consider the Offer financially more attractive than a solvent wind-down but do not express a preference between tendering shares into the Offer and participating in the Combination. Shareholders are encouraged to make their own assessment  taking into account their individual circumstances and investment objectives. The directors appointed by the Enterprise Chamber (the ""EC Directors"") support the availability of the Offer as a cash alternative for shareholders  while maintaining a neutral opinion on the offer price. Their support does not constitute a recommendation to shareholders to tender their shares. Having assessed the Combination in conjunction with the Offer  the EC Directors consider that the two propositions together give adequate and reasonable weight to the interests of OCI's minority shareholders. Their assessment was supported by separate financial and legal advice  including AXECO's fairness opinion.With the consent of the EC Directors  OCI has convened an extraordinary general meeting for 30 October 2026 (the ""EGM"") to discuss the Offer and vote on the resolutions relating to the Combination. The resolutions relating to the Combination are subject to the conditions described in the EGM documentation  including conditions relating to the Offer. Further details are provided in the EGM agenda  explanatory notes and OCI's position statement.Following the hearing on 20 August 2026 in the proceedings initiated by VEB and certain other shareholders  OCI is awaiting the Enterprise Chamber's decision  which is expected by 7 October 2026. These shareholders did not seek interim measures aimed at postponing  prohibiting or otherwise preventing completion of the Combination.Completion of the Combination is currently expected in Q4 2026  subject to shareholder approval and satisfaction of applicable transaction conditions.OCI NitrogenOn 1 June 2026  OCI entered into an agreement with AGROFERT pursuant to which AGROFERT will acquire an initial 50% interest in Nitrogen Intermediate Holding B.V.  the parent company of OCI Nitrogen B.V (""OCI Nitrogen""). Completion of the initial transaction is expected by H2 2027  subject to regulatory approvals  OCI shareholder approval and other customary closing conditions. The agreement also provides OCI with a put option and AGROFERT with a call option over the remaining 50% interest in OCIN  exercisable from two years after completion of the initial transaction.OCI Nitrogen was classified as held for sale as of 1 June 2026  and the results of the European Nitrogen segment  including the Ammonia Distribution business  are presented as discontinued operations in accordance with IFRS 5.Nitrogen market fundamentals were generally supportive through April 2026  when pricing moderated from peak levels reached earlier in the year. Market conditions deteriorated following the escalation of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East  which drove a significant increase in European natural gas prices without a corresponding increase in nitrogen product prices. As a result  a substantial divergence emerged between gas input costs and selling prices for the remainder of the period. These market conditions have persisted into Q3 2026. Average European natural gas prices in Q3 2026 to mid-September were approximately 40% higher than in Q2 2026  while average ammonia and CAN prices were approximately 20% and 10% lower  respectively  and significantly below the peaks reached in April.In response to the current margin environment  OCI Nitrogen has reduced production at certain facilities and curtailed ammonia production where economics do not support full operating rates. Major on-site customers have also operated at significantly reduced rates during the period  contributing to lower ammonia offtake  reduced asset utilisation and materially higher per-unit operating costs.Conditions in the melamine market have been particularly challenging  with weakened demand  lower operating rates and continued pressure on profitability. On this basis  OCI Nitrogen has prioritised production of higher-return products  including UAN and AdBlue  and continues to assess alternative operating configurations for its melamine assets.In addition to challenging market conditions  earnings were affected by operational disruptions at certain production facilities and major on-site customers during the period. OCI Nitrogen continues to operate in a highly cyclical and operationally leveraged environment  where relatively small changes in natural gas costs  product pricing  plant reliability and customer operating rates can have a disproportionate impact on profitability  cash generation and valuation.Beaumont New AmmoniaOn 25 March 2026  OCI completed the handover of Beaumont New Ammonia to Woodside and received the USD 470 million deferred consideration  representing 20% of total transaction proceeds  less amounts withheld in respect of outstanding construction obligations  certain closing-related adjustments and remaining estimated close-out costs. OCI has since substantially completed the project close-out process  including the settlement of all subcontractor claims. OCI continues to estimate total project costs through completion at approximately USD 1.8 billion  consistent with Q4 2025. This total budget is inclusive of all close-out costs and the H2 2026 final settlement.OCI Ammonia HoldingOn 31 March 2026  OCI completed the sale of its entire equity interest in OCI AH to AGROFERT  receiving initial cash proceeds of EUR 297 million (USD 342 million). The transaction remains subject to customary post-closing adjustments  with completion of the settlement process expected in H2 2026. OCI does not currently expect those adjustments to have a material impact on future cash flows.Methanex InvestmentDuring H1 2026  OCI fully monetized its holding of 9 944 308 Methanex shares through a series of block sales  generating total cash proceeds of approximately USD 543 million after customary fees and expenses. The shares represented approximately 12.9% of Methanex's outstanding share capital when received as consideration for the sale of OCI Methanol in June 2025. The net weighted average sale price was USD 54.56 per share  21% above the reference share price used in the OCI Methanol transaction announced in September 2024.Fertiglobe Contingent Consideration and LiabilitiesThere have been no material developments that impact the Fertiglobe contingent consideration. Accordingly  the provision remains unchanged from the position reported in the audited 2025 annual accounts. The Board continues to believe that the provision of USD 361.6 million represents the best estimate of OCI's potential exposure.Other InformationNotesThis report contains unaudited first half financial highlights of OCI N.V. (""OCI Global""  ""OCI""  the ""Group"" or the ""Company"")  a public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law  with its head office located at Honthorststraat 19  1071 DC Amsterdam  the Netherlands.OCI Global is registered in the Dutch commercial register under No. 56821166 dated 2 January 2013. The Group is primarily involved in the production of nitrogen-based fertilizers and industrial chemicals.AuditorThe information contained in this Results Report has not been audited. The accompanying Semi-Annual Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been reviewed  but not audited  by the Company's independent external auditor.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains inside information as meant in clause 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation.About OCI GlobalLearn more about OCI at www.oci-global.com. You can also follow OCI on LinkedIn.OCI stock symbols: OCI / OCI.NA / OCI.AS[1] Financial performance for OCI Nitrogen in H1 2025 includes the results of OCI Ammonia Distribution B.V. prior to its carve-out in August 2025 and is therefore not fully comparable to H1 2026.[2] ""Independent Directors"" means OCI's directors other than Nassef Sawiris  Nadia Sawiris and the directors appointed by the Enterprise Chamber  and includes the Company's executive director.SOURCE OCI Global",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.19,0.68,True,English,"['OCI Global Reports H1 2026 Results', 'higher European TTF gas prices', 'declining product selling prices', 'negative free cash flow', 'The H1 2025 income statement', 'The OCI Nitrogen segment', 'PDF H1 2026 Results Report', 'cash flow comparatives', 'cash exit alternative', 'Beaumont New Ammonia', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'respective completion dates', 'USD 238 million gain', 'USD 688 million gain', 'European nitrogen markets', 'challenging market conditions', 'favorable market conditions', 'favourable market conditions', 'alternative performance measure', 'Semi-annual Report H1', 'global ammonia distribution', 'Key Financial Highlights', 'public cash offer', 'OCI N.V.', 'OCI Ammonia Holding', 'H1 2026 Key Highlights', 'Orascom Construction PLC', 'underlying operating performance', 'financial performance', 'OCI Global', 'Financial Statements', 'end markets', 'Operating profit', 'Hassan Badrawi', 'first half', 'final stages', 'strategic review', 'terminal business', 'entire investment', 'initial 50% interest', 'second half', 'remaining interest', 'strategic owner', 'Enterprise Chamber', 'OCI shares', 'operational discipline', 'remaining assets', 'strategic transformation', 'APM) adjustments', 'strategic decision-making', 'press release', 'net profit', 'OCI AH', 'impairment charge', 'OCI Methanol', 'positive earnings', 'margin pressure', 'weaker demand', 'prior-year result', 'offer period', 'prior-year period', 'continuing operations', 'subsequent sale', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Sept.', 'PRNewswire', 'CEO', 'AGROFERT', 'Woodside', 'Methanex', 'June', 'agreement', 'mechanism', 'pathway', 'position', 'continuity', 'employees', 'customers', 'developments', 'consent', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'combination', 'NNS', '15 September', 'terms', 'process', 'priorities', 'Group', 'obligations', 'transactions', 'Basis', 'preparation', 'liabilities', 'OCIN', 'connection', 'businesses', 'relevance', 'management', 'assessment', 'details', 'appendix', 'Euronext', 'disposal', 'revenue', 'loss', 'beginning', 'July', 'August', 'levels', 'EBITDA', 'outlook', 'remainder', 'continuation', 'less']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/09/28/stocks-steady-despite-no-sign-of-iran-peace/,Stocks steady despite no sign of Iran peace deal,Ires Reit jumps more than 20% after takeover approach revealed,Wall Street’s main indexes fell on Monday after Donald Trump rejected an Iranian proposal to end the conflict  leading to a spike in crude prices that revived ​inflation worries and drove Treasury yields higher. Photograph: Charly Triballeau/GettyEuropean stocks closed steady on Monday  ceding earlier gains.Meanwhile  oil majors’ shares gained as Brent crude rose towards $108 a barrel after US president Donald Trump rejected Iran’s latest ceasefire proposal. The mining index slumped 1.1 per cent as gold and other precious metals sank.DublinThe Irish index of shares started the week on a positive note  although gains were limited. The Euronext Dublin closed Monday’s session up 0.55 per cent  or 74.03 points  at 14 463.32.Shares in the State’s largest private-sector residential landlord  Ires Reit  were the standout performer on the day  surging more than 20 per cent on the news that it had received an offer of €1.386-a-share from UK investment firm Barings Investment  valuing the business at €726.9 million.Banking stocks were mixed  with AIB down 0.4 per cent and Bank of Ireland up a similar percentage. Insurer FBD was down 0.8 per cent by the close of the day.Elsewhere  food stocks had a mixed session  with Glanbia adding 0.7 per cent. Kerry Group was largely unchanged.Among construction stocks  Kingspan was up 1.5 per cent over the day  while home builders Glenveagh and Cairn gained 3.4 per cent and 3 per cent respectively.Elsewhere  Ryanair gained 0.6 per cent  while ferries group Irish Continental was up 0.25 per cent.LondonStocks in London closed mixed on Monday  with housebuilders the clear winners after the UK government unveiled a new equity loan programme for first-time buyers.The FTSE-100 index ended down 10.37 points  or 0.1 per cent.Home builders Taylor Wimpey  Bellway  Persimmon and Barratt Redrow all rose more than 10 per cent after the government announced a new loan programme for first-time buyers which analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co described as a potential “game-changer”.Mining stocks fell back sharply amid lower metal prices. Fresnillo fell 5.1 per cent  and Endeavour Mining shed 4.5 per cent. On the FTSE-250  Hochschild Mining ebbed 7.2 per cent.EuropeThe Stoxx Europe 600 Index was little changed by the close  as was the CAC 40 in Paris. The DAX 40 in Frankfurt closed down 0.1 per cent.Among individual stocks  Rexel dropped 3.1 per cent after the French company announced a deal to buy speciality wire and cable provider GCG for an enterprise value of about $1.4 billion.Shares in European gambling firms slid after Brazil issued a provisional measure banning all forms of online gambling. Entain shed 5 per cent to touch a six-month low.European stocks are on track to snap a five-month winning streak in September  as surging energy prices fanned inflation fears and boosted bond yields across the world. Traders are ramping up bets on interest-rate hikes  with three increases now priced in the US  with the potential for a fourth.New YorkWall Street’s main indexes fell on Monday after Trump rejected an Iranian proposal to end the conflict  leading to a spike in crude prices that revived ​inflation worries and drove Treasury yields higher.“The broader market hasn’t been able to gain much traction because of rising yields and oil prices ” said Chris Larkin at ETrade from Morgan Stanley. “And with the Fed focused on the inflation side of its mandate  unless this week’s labour market data is a major surprise  it will likely play second fiddle to interest rates and energy.”Nvidia’s 2.1 per cent gain helped limit declines overall. The chip giant announced a $150 billion share buyback  making it the company’s biggest increase in share buy-backs on record.At 11.50am ET  ⁠the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.74 per cent  the S&P 500 lost 0.83 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite lost 1 per cent.Communication Services fell 1.9 per cent and led sectoral declines on the S&P 500  with ‌Meta easing 4.3 per cent from last week’s 13 per cent jump.Tesla dipped 3.2 per cent after brokerage JP Morgan lowered its price target on the stock  citing weak deliveries in the third ​quarter. – Additional reporting by Reuters  Bloomberg and Press Association,neutral,0.09,0.75,0.16,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Iran peace deal', 'Stocks', 'sign', 'largest private-sector residential landlord', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'new equity loan programme', 'US president Donald Trump', 'The Stoxx Europe 600 Index', 'new loan programme', 'other precious metals', 'five-month winning streak', 'labour market data', '$150 billion share buyback', 'lower metal prices', 'latest ceasefire proposal', 'UK investment firm', 'European gambling firms', 'The Euronext Dublin', 'surging energy prices', '2.1 per cent gain', '13 per cent jump', 'New York', 'mining index', 'Irish index', 'Barings Investment', 'FTSE-100 index', 'The DAX', 'online gambling', 'broader market', 'share buy-backs', 'crude prices', 'Iranian proposal', '20 per cent', '0.7 per cent', '3.4 per cent', 'European stocks', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', '\u200binflation worries', 'Treasury yields', 'Charly Triballeau', 'Brent crude', 'positive note', 'Ires Reit', 'standout performer', 'similar percentage', 'Insurer FBD', 'Kerry Group', 'home builders', 'ferries group', 'Irish Continental', 'clear winners', 'UK government', 'first-time buyers', 'Taylor Wimpey', 'Barratt Redrow', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Hochschild Mining', 'speciality wire', 'cable provider', 'enterprise value', 'provisional measure', 'inflation fears', 'bond yields', 'interest-rate hikes', 'three increases', 'rising yields', 'Chris Larkin', 'Morgan Stanley', 'inflation side', 'major surprise', 'second fiddle', 'interest rates', 'chip giant', 'biggest increase', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Communication Services', 'JP Morgan', 'weak deliveries', 'third \u200bquarter', 'Additional reporting', 'Press Association', 'oil prices', 'Banking stocks', 'food stocks', 'construction stocks', 'Mining stocks', 'individual stocks', 'earlier gains', 'mixed session', 'potential “game-changer', 'French company', 'sectoral declines', 'last week', 'Monday', 'conflict', 'spike', 'Photograph', 'Getty', 'majors', 'shares', 'gold', 'State', 'news', 'offer', 'business', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'close', 'Glanbia', 'Kingspan', 'Glenveagh', 'Cairn', 'Ryanair', 'London', 'housebuilders', 'Bellway', 'Persimmon', 'analysts', 'Fresnillo', 'FTSE-250', 'CAC', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Rexel', 'deal', 'GCG', 'Brazil', 'forms', 'Entain', 'track', 'September', 'world', 'Traders', 'bets', 'traction', 'ETrade', 'Fed', 'mandate', 'Nvidia', 'record', '11.50am', '\u200cMeta', 'Tesla', 'brokerage', 'target', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', '74.03', '0.6', '10.', '7.2']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,irishtimes.com
57484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891864.html,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financi…,"PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI"" by thierry Ehrmann ""Dialogue entre un Penseur et l'IA"" par thierry Ehrmann""The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).""This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.""At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.""As of June 30  2026  shareholders' equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket's exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group's total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders' holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family's holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann's absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket's second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline ""Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice's Gradual Transition to Its 'AI-FIRST' Transformation "" thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com's Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com's proprietary vertical AI systems  ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket's business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family's and Groupe Serveur's confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF's secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors' and executives' transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government's ""Innovative Company"" designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d'investissement  France's public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com's Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market's digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market's influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby's  Christie's  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company's recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket's shareholders.Artprice's Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: ""It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.""Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers' expectations. In addition  Perplexity's original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.""Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.""Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity's media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people's work.""However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers' commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.""Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.""For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution ""more significant than the smartphone and the Internet "" echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an ""AI-First"" approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the ""Innovative Company"" designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice's late-2024 study ranked it as the ""top-of-mind"" art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice's presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: ""Which art market databases do you know?"" Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the ""top-of-mind"" art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice's Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice's ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice's databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world's most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice's historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice's position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice's CustomersArtprice's customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI's advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market's Specific Challenges and AI's ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists' biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page ""world-book "" as Gemini/Google describes it  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice's extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  ""The Global Memory of the Art Market""—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector's primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice's global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the ""entrusted pen"" (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts' provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice's business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an ""AI-First"" Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users' perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket's revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice's unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete ""AI-First"" environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice's exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and ""Blind Spot ©"" is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and Artmarket's Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity's form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice's subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world's only unpolluted ""crude oil wells."" Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients' workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers' mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice's privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice's databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market's specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history's golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies' influence beyond the traditional art market. France's Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann's La Demeure du Chaos—""Abode of Chaos "" as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice's headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'major editorial effort', 'Google AI Overview', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'un Penseur', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', ""shareholders' equity"", 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', ""AI-FIRST' Transformation"", 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', ""executives' transactions"", 'other notifications', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', ""shareholders' holdings"", 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'Dialogue', 'Thinker', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57485,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891855.html,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financi…,"PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI"" by thierry Ehrmann ""Dialogue entre un Penseur et l'IA"" par thierry Ehrmann""The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).""This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.""At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.""As of June 30  2026  shareholders' equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket's exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group's total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders' holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family's holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann's absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket's second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline ""Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice's Gradual Transition to Its 'AI-FIRST' Transformation "" thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com's Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com's proprietary vertical AI systems  ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket's business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family's and Groupe Serveur's confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF's secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors' and executives' transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com's Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government's ""Innovative Company"" designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d'investissement  France's public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com's Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market's digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market's influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby's  Christie's  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company's recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket's shareholders.Artprice's Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: ""It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.""Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers' expectations. In addition  Perplexity's original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.""Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.""Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity's media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people's work.""However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers' commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.""Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.""For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution ""more significant than the smartphone and the Internet "" echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an ""AI-First"" approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the ""Innovative Company"" designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world's largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice's late-2024 study ranked it as the ""top-of-mind"" art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice's presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: ""Which art market databases do you know?"" Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the ""top-of-mind"" art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice's Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice's ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice's databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world's most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice's historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice's position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice's CustomersArtprice's customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI's advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market's Specific Challenges and AI's ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists' biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page ""world-book "" as Gemini/Google describes it  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice's extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  ""The Global Memory of the Art Market""—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector's primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice's global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the ""entrusted pen"" (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts' provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice's business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI's involvement in literature touches on humanity's understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With ""Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI "" Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an ""AI-First"" Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users' perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket's revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice's unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete ""AI-First"" environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice's exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems ""Intuitive Art Market ©"" and ""Blind Spot ©"" is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice's founder and Artmarket's Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity's form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice's subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world's only unpolluted ""crude oil wells."" Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients' workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers' mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice's privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice's databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market's specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history's golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies' influence beyond the traditional art market. France's Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann's La Demeure du Chaos—""Abode of Chaos "" as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice's headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comArtprice's econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: [email protected]Find out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company's CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who's Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice's Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann's Abode of Chaos as a 'total work of art'  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.49,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'major editorial effort', 'Google AI Overview', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'un Penseur', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', ""shareholders' equity"", 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', ""AI-FIRST' Transformation"", 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', ""executives' transactions"", 'other notifications', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', ""shareholders' holdings"", 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'Dialogue', 'Thinker', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,prnewswire.com
57486,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/28/prime-minister-returns-to-a-crowded-in-tray-as-piraeus-bank-seals-iaso-deal/,The Greek Prime Minister’s return  the small  bigger and toughest tasks awaiting Maximos Mansion  the IASO deal is sealed and Grimaldi steers clear of Attica Group ///,An extension to fuel pump subsidies is due on Wednesday  Italian shipowner Emanuele Grimaldi distances himself from Attica Group  and companies listed in Athens post a 39.2% jump in half-year profits ahead of Thursday's deadlineThe post The Greek Prime Minis…,Newsroom September 28 08:18Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleWinter appears to have arrived earlier than usual this year  although the weather may yet turn again and spare households in Athens and southern Greece from switching on the heating while heating oil prices remain so high. On the subject of prices and the cold  the government will unveil its first package of support measures on Wednesday. It will not cover heating oil  however. In essence  it will extend the fuel pump subsidy funded by the state and the refineries at roughly its current level. Support for heating oil will be considered on 14 October  when the winter heating season formally begins  by which point there should be a clearer picture of where international prices have settled.Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis  meanwhile  is back from a productive five days in the United States  where  besides attending the UN General Assembly  he met and spoke with a string of major international investors. He now returns to more routine business. As noted a few days ago  he must handle a business dispute that indirectly concerns the government  since the state is the main party involved  and which appears to have taken on a transatlantic dimension. In a pre-election year  such commercial rows are neither the only nor the most serious problem a prime minister faces  but they are an unwelcome distraction  particularly when the fallout could be significant. US Secretary of State Marco Rubio is also due in Athens next week  bringing far weightier matters to the table  from national issues and defence to relations with Turkey. More broadly  Mitsotakis faces what anyone in charge  from a shopkeeper to a head of government  faces after stepping away even briefly: a loss of discipline  visible in off-message remarks by ministers and assorted internal party squabbles as the election approaches. The most pressing issue remains the cost of living  which is likely to worsen as oil prices climb.Regional visitsBeyond a series of meetings today  Mitsotakis will also travel outside the capital this week. His schedule  which has yet to be confirmed  includes a visit to Aspropyrgos  the industrial area west of Athens  on Tuesday  and to Pieria in northern Greece on Friday  a notoriously difficult constituency for the ruling conservative New Democracy (ND) party. He will also visit Mount Olympus  which was recently added to Unesco’s World Heritage list.Decisions on the partyAlongside recalibrating the pace of government  Mitsotakis must make decisions on a reshuffle within ND. One outstanding matter concerns the party’s two deputy press spokespeople. The Prime Minister was far from pleased that the name of Christos Lagkadianos  earmarked for the role alongside Porfyllenia Kanellopoulou  was leaked  and the matter will now be discussed. Decisions are also pending on candidates to be announced in the coming weeks  and on changes to the party’s structure being driven by ND secretary Kostas Kyranakis.What Hatzidakis is doing in ToulouseDeputy Prime Minister Kostis Hatzidakis travels to Toulouse today with a busy agenda for the Political Assembly of the European People’s Party (EPP)  the centre-right grouping to which ND belongs. He will be a keynote speaker in a debate on the reindustrialisation of Europe. More significantly  as head of the EPP’s Working Group on Competitiveness  he will present the related resolution to the assembly. In other words  he will address the biggest problem facing the European economy and set out the centre-right’s policy response to it  a high-profile appearance before a European audience that further builds his standing in the field.A hint from Messinia on the Samaras partyFormer prime minister Antonis Samaras spent the long weekend in Messinia  in the southwestern Peloponnese  for a memorial service held in Pylos on Sunday marking one year since the death of his daughter  Lena Samara. While there  he met his core supporters  longstanding allies and figures tipped for the new party he says he will launch. Over several dinners  he told them  in effect  that “society is asking for the party to be created”. He did not give a timetable  preferring to let rumours circulate so that his public interventions gain extra momentum  rather than being drawn into day-to-day debate and having to answer for the figures he eventually unveils. In reality  candidate announcements are unlikely to begin immediately after the launch in any case. At the dinners  he spoke about politics in broad terms  covering the economy and foreign policy rather than local issues in Messinia or the Peloponnese. What is noticeable across the region is that former Peloponnese regional governor Petros Tatoulis is mobilising local officials in support of Samaras  and may himself stand as a candidate in Arcadia.Piraeus Bank seals IASO dealThe agreement between Oaktree Capital Management and Piraeus Bank for the acquisition of IASO  the Athens private hospital group  from its holding company Hemithea has reportedly been finalised. Official announcements are imminent  after which the deal will go to the Hellenic Competition Commission for approval. The move takes Piraeus Bank into healthcare services  a step that also supports its major recent acquisition  the insurer Ethniki Insurance  whose costs the bank is determined to reduce. That was one of the key questions put by analysts at every roadshow the bank attended. The IASO announcement should therefore follow shortly  as due diligence and all outstanding issues have been resolved and the two sides have shaken hands.Grimaldi: no interest in buying Attica GroupThe timing of Emanuele Grimaldi’s remarks is telling. Speaking at the 27th Euromed Convention  “From Land to Sea”  in Cagliari  Sardinia  the chief executive of Italy’s Grimaldi Group set out a clear outline of his plans for the Greek market. At a time when there is intense speculation in the ferry industry that Attica Group  Greece’s largest coastal shipping company and operator of Blue Star Ferries  Superfast Ferries and Hellenic Seaways  could be put up for sale  the Italian shipowner made clear he has no wish to expand further on Greek routes. His plans are confined to the Piraeus  Milos and Heraklion route and the Adriatic. Rhodes  the Cyclades and inter-island connections are not part of the plan. “We don’t operate between smaller islands ” he said. The comment was not a direct response to a question about Attica  but it is unlikely to go unnoticed. Any acquisition of Greece’s biggest ferry group would bring Grimaldi squarely onto the very routes he says he wants to avoid. The question circulating in shipping offices is simple: why buy an extensive Aegean network he says he does not need? Either the Attica scenarios do not concern him  or any hypothetical involvement would require an entirely different structure. For now  Grimaldi appears to be ruling himself out.Evangelos Kotsovinos heads to Goldman SachsThe resignation of Evangelos Kotsovinos as an independent non-executive member of Eurobank’s board  and from the committees on which he sat  did not come as a bolt from the blue for the bank. Behind his departure lies a senior appointment at Goldman Sachs  which would have created a conflict of interest had he remained at Eurobank. It is notable that international banks are recruiting senior figures from Greek banking as they look to expand their operations in the country.Athens Stock Exchange half-year snapshot: net profits up 39.2%Three days remain  including today  before the deadline for publishing half-year results  and 48% of listed companies (by number) have yet to report. The 76 companies that have published so far  including newly listed shipping firms  show combined turnover up 18.8% to €53.6bn  operating profit up 43.2% to €10.26bn and net profit up 39.2% to €7.53bn. Commercial and industrial companies are the main driver of profit growth  with a 76% increase and operating margins widening by 327 basis points. Public Power Corporation (PPC) and the refiners account for most of the improvement  although the remaining listed companies are not lagging far behind. So far  88% of those reporting are profitable  and 71% of these improved on last year’s half-year performance. The figures are unlikely to change significantly  as most of the heavyweight index stocks have already reported  with the possible exceptions of the Piraeus Port Authority (OLP) and Thessaloniki Port Authority (OLTH). Companies that fail to publish by the morning of Thursday 1 October will have their shares temporarily suspended from trading.Monthly result hangs in the balanceThe Athens Stock Exchange’s performance for the month looks set to be decided in the final session of September  as the market is less than 1% away from August’s closing level of 2 677 points. The run of monthly gains currently stands at five. Average daily turnover in September is running at €559m  an 18-year high.Fraport Greece profits and dividends soarFraport Greece “A” recently held an extraordinary general meeting at which shareholders approved a dividend of up to €50m. The company operates seven of the 14 regional airports run by the Fraport group in Greece  a number that will rise to 15 with the new Kalamata concession. It is responsible for the airports of Aktion  Zakynthos  Kavala  Thessaloniki  Corfu  Kefalonia and Chania  and the €50m payout comes from 2025 profits. Last year  the company’s after-tax profit exceeded €69.23m on total revenue of €366.4m. A similar decision at the same time last year produced a total dividend of €30m for 2023 (€9m) and 2024 (€21m). The other package of seven airports  Kos  Mytilene  Mykonos  Rhodes  Samos  Santorini and Skiathos  falls under Fraport Greece “B”  which posted after-tax profit of €34.78m in 2025 on revenue of €277.1m.Supermarkets: a big table with few seatsTurning to retail  the Greek supermarket map now has four tiers. On the top tier  alone  sits the Sklavenitis group  with 2025 turnover of €6.13bn (up from €5.56bn) and operating profit of €392.1m  although net profit fell to €99.5m from €108.7m. The parent company’s turnover passed €5bn for the first time. Even at the top  size is growing faster than profitability. On the second tier is Lidl Hellas which  as a general partnership  does not publish accounts but is estimated at €2.5bn. The third tier is home to AB Vassilopoulos  at around €2bn  joined this year by Masoutis. Its acquisition of the Kritikos chain (ANEDIK Kritikos) was completed at the end of May  on condition set by the Competition Commission that 53 stores be sold in areas of high local concentration. Standalone 2025 sales of €1.203bn for Masoutis and €836m for Kritikos give a combined base of around €2.04bn. AB is now within touching distance  while Masoutis already leads in network size with 1 200 stores. According to reports  the deal between Giannis Masoutis and Angelos Kritikos was worth €190m in total  of which €100m was paid in cash and around €90m took the form of Kritikos loans assumed by the buyer. That €100m in cash bought €836m of turnover  or 12 cents per euro of sales. Kritikos was loss-making in 2025  with an EBITDA margin of around 3.5%  compared with roughly 6% at Masoutis. That gap is the real bet. If the Kritikos network reaches the Masoutis margin  the buyer adds €20m a year in EBITDA from the same stores. The market as a whole turned over €16.24bn in 2025  up 7.1% according to NielsenIQ  with ready meals passing €1bn for the first time. The retail table keeps getting bigger  but the number of seats does not.A belated premium for Athens Exchange sharesShares in Hellenic Exchanges  the Athens Stock Exchange operator (EXAE) now controlled by Euronext  have reached €10.8  a 220-month high  despite a reduced free float. Based on the exchange ratio in the earlier share-for-share public offer (20 EXAE shares for each Euronext share)  the stock is trading at a 34% premium. Although there is currently no active exchange right  the widening gap may warrant attention.AS Company’s golden portfolioAS Company  the Thessaloniki-based toy maker and distributor  valued its investments at €12.19m at the end of June  down 4.3% from €12.75m at the end of 2025. The bulk  €9.90m or 81.2% of the portfolio  was placed in foreign securities  while €1.35m  or 11.1%  was in domestic securities. Holdings in foreign mutual fund units came to €531 000 and Athens-listed shares to €411 000  just 3.4% of the financial portfolio. By currency  60% of investments were in euros and the remaining 40%  or €4.88m  in dollars. During the half-year  the company made new investments of €2.09m and sold securities worth €2.68m  while portfolio valuation produced a gain of €89 000. It favours short-term  high-grade bonds to limit credit risk and uses no derivatives for hedging. The positive return helped improve the group’s financial result  which came to a profit of €363 000  compared with a loss of €223 000 in the first half of 2025. AS Company also holds investment property with a book value of €2.13m  consisting of two plots in Crete: about 24 100 sq m at Matala  in the Heraklion region  and 31 100 sq m at Plaka  near Elounda. A recent valuation puts their market value around €107 000 above book value  and management is exploring options for developing them. In total  financial investments  investment property and cash reached €28.49m  up from €21.17m at the end of 2025. The mix has shifted markedly towards liquidity  with cash more than doubling to €14.17m  49.7% of the total  compared with 29.8% at the end of 2025. The investment portfolio and cash together represent almost half of the company’s market capitalisation.Sarakis branches out into artificial intelligenceIndependent MP and lawyer Pavlos Sarakis became known through the Novartis case  for which he received a fee in the US of around €18m  by his own account. As he explained last October on Proti Lexi  the interview programme on Proto Thema’s website  the sum came from the $330m settlement reached between Novartis and the US government. His share amounted to €18m  which was declared and taxed in Greece. He also said at the time that he had paid around €15m in tax over the past decade. He has since made a number of investments  mainly in property. A few days ago  he set up a new company  Sarakis Capital  with initial share capital of €2m divided into 20 000 shares with a nominal value of €100 each. The money was paid in cash by Sarakis himself  the company’s founder and sole shareholder. He sits on the board as a member  with Natalia Karataeva as chair and chief executive  and Theofilos Poulimenos as a non-executive member. The company’s stated objects read like a novel  stretching from property investment to artificial intelligence. They include buying  selling  renting and leasing property in Greece and abroad; managing and exploiting property belonging to the company or to third parties  including financial institutions  portfolio investment companies  real estate investment companies and mutual fund managers; and drawing up studies  research and business plans for its development. They also cover the operation and management of hotels and tourism businesses of every kind. Beyond that  the company may operate and manage taxis  owned or leased  of every type; carry passengers and luggage by road; lease and finance vehicles by any lawful means; and trade in new and used buses  cars and other vehicles. It also plans to provide services in “the prevention  assessment and management of crises and risks  business continuity and recovery  and the drafting of crisis and emergency management plans and protocols”. And  as mentioned  it even extends to AI  providing for “activities in the field of artificial intelligence  including the research  design  implementation  customisation  operation and commercial exploitation of systems  applications  software and digital platforms based on artificial intelligence  machine learning and automation technologies”.What Interlife’s results showedInsurer Interlife delivered an excellent set of half-year results  with net insurance income rising 76% to €6.98m. Gains from the valuation and sale of financial investments rose 41.1%. Combined net insurance and investment income reached €15.8m  up 33%. The bottom line after minority interests rose 23% to €13.4m.OTE surges back above €20Shares in telecoms group OTE led the blue chips on Friday  jumping 4.85%  their best daily performance in six months. The stock climbed back above the €20 mark to close at €20.1  narrowing the gap with its year high of €20.4. A break above this year’s peak would open the way to levels not seen in 18 years: €20.6 (May 2008) and €21 (February 2008). The strong rise came on heavy trading  with turnover above €41m and volume above 2 million shares. There were also six pre-agreed block trades totalling 349 000 shares  worth €6.84m  at prices between €19.35 and €20.1  confirming strong interest from institutional investors.Athens International Airport back above €12 after three-day pauseShares in Athens International Airport (AIA) rebounded swiftly and firmly  returning above €12 and to record territory. After the 18 September index rebalancing linked to the Athens Stock Exchange’s upgrade to developed-market status  AIA hit a record high of €12.27. Despite a three-day correction below €11.5  the stock recovered strongly  rallying 3.6% on Thursday and 2.3% on Friday to close at €12.12  with an intraday high of €12.36. The buying spree was accompanied by strong trading activity  with turnover over the past two sessions exceeding €14.8m and volume above 1.2 million shares.Profile hits new record of €11Profile Software continues to break new ground. Just a week after breaking through the psychological €10 barrier  its shares touched €11 for the first time on Friday. The new all-time high was accompanied by growing investor interest  with turnover exceeding €1.4m  the highest daily figure in almost three months  since early July. The rise appears to be underpinned by business growth that is now feeding through to the financial results. The valuation is sky-high  but in the first half of 2026 turnover rose 60% to €32.2m and net profit climbed 63% to €4.9m. The company’s strategy of expansion through acquisitions  its international presence and the integration of artificial intelligence into its products are fuelling expectations that its rapid growth will continue.Angelicoussis’s powerful 13The Angelicoussis Group  controlled by Maria Angelicoussis  is expected to add 13 new-technology newbuilds to its fleet by the end of 2026. This is not simply an increase in capacity but a coordinated fleet renewal on three fronts. The delivery programme includes six dual-fuel Suezmax tankers  six LNG carriers and one DP2 shuttle tanker. The vessels are designed for lower emissions  greater energy efficiency and higher operational safety  at a time when technology is starting to separate the strong players of the future from the rest. Angelicoussis is also investing in the people who will run this new generation of ships. Through the group’s own training centre  Delphic  crews receive continuous training in new fuels  advanced systems and more demanding safety requirements.Greek shipyards seek a 15-year order bookPanos Xenokostas does not speak merely as president of the Association of Greek Shipyards. He is the founder  chairman and chief executive of ONEX Shipyards & Technologies  the man who brought Neorion on Syros and Elefsina Shipyards back into operation  and who is now trying to put Greece on the map of naval defence shipbuilding. That is why his proposal for a binding 15-year programme to build ships and submarines for the Hellenic Navy has attracted considerable interest behind the scenes. Behind the institutional language lies a very specific message to the government. The shipyards have been revived  investments have been made and alliances with American and South Korean partners have been built  but the next 15 years of work now need to be locked in. In essence  Xenokostas is asking Greece to stop buying warships as a mere customer and to insist that a large part of their construction  maintenance and upgrades be carried out at home. The target of 70% Greek added value and the mapping of more than 200 companies show that this is not only about the docks at Elefsina and Syros  but about creating an entire defence industrial supply chain. The difficult part now passes to the Prime Minister’s office at Maximos Mansion and the Ministry of National Defence. A binding 15-year programme means funding  specific orders and a political decision to prioritise domestic production. In other words  Greek shipyards want to move from government announcements to a firm order book.Central banks are no longer buying bonds as they once didTaxpayers and borrowers are paying for the turmoil in government bond markets through higher interest rates. Berenberg  Germany’s oldest private bank  based in Hamburg with a history dating back to 1590 and a strong research team in London  has published a chart that explains a great deal. The share of government debt held by the Bank of Japan  the European Central Bank  the Bank of England and the US Federal Reserve has fallen by an average of 13 percentage points in five years. The ECB’s share has dropped from 41% in 2021-22 to 24%  the Bank of England’s from 36% to 16%  the Fed’s from 19% to 11% and the Bank of Japan’s from 45% to 38%. In terms of the supply of bonds to private investors  this is equivalent to an extra two to three years of budget deficits. The result has been a rise in the term premium  the additional yield investors demand to hold 10-year bonds rather than rolling over short-term debt. In the US  Germany and the UK  it has risen to around one percentage point. It used to be negative  while before 2008 it often reached two percentage points. Berenberg concludes that the rise in long-term yields has “a little way still to go”. The pressure is greatest in Europe. The Fed has already ended quantitative tightening  and the ECB simply does not reinvest maturing bonds. The Bank of England is the only one actively selling  and it is paying the price. It bought gilts when yields were low and is now selling them at a loss  with the Treasury compensating it immediately to avoid accusations of monetary financing. The bill comes to £15bn to £21bn a year  or 0.6% of GDP  and its remaining holdings have lost £150bn at current prices. The other three central banks are deferring the losses on paper. Greece has no Bank of England  but it does have the ECB. Reinvestments under the Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme (PEPP)  the only scheme that bought Greek bonds  ended at the close of 2024. Since then  every Greek bond that matures in Frankfurt’s portfolio goes back to the market without its biggest buyer of the past five years  the ECB.“Transitory” inflation  the central banks’ old “new narrative”The world’s central bankers have learned to live with inflation well above the 2% that is officially  and in theory  their target. Markets do not seem to disagree  but they are responding with higher interest rates. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury starts the week at 5.18%  its highest since 2007. The S&P 500 is less than 1% below its record high after gaining 1.2% on the week  ending a two-week losing streak. The Nasdaq rose 2.1% and the Dow 0.3%  closing at 51 828 points after three weeks of losses. On Friday  the 10-year yield touched 5.22% intraday  a 19-year high  before easing. The “new narrative” is that all this is “transitory”. Despite far higher rates  a 10-year yield at 5.2% and oil above $90  the market can keep ignoring it all “as long as it believes it is transitory”. The word is the same one the Fed used about inflation in 2021  before dropping it that December. Inflation has been running above the 2% target for more than five years  jobless claims are well below historical averages and the labour market is “stable”. That combination explains why futures are pricing in two more 25 basis point rate rises by January  with a 66% probability of the first coming as early as October. A strong jobs report will no longer be good news for equities. Nor is this only an American story. The Fed is not alone. In September the ECB raised rates to 2.50%  the Bank of Japan to 1.25% and South Africa to 7.25%  while Australia is expected to raise its rate to 4.60% tomorrow. Yet everyone seems to believe the inflationary pressures are “transitory”. The Middle East energy shock has become a synchronised tightening cycle  which is why the dollar is not strengthening as much as might be expected with the 10-year yield at 5.2%.Samsung’s war with AppleThe advert is provocative and certainly eye-catching. Tim Cook  until recently Apple’s chief executive  appears on screen declaring that the Galaxy Z Fold 8 is “the best phone I’ve ever had  mark my words”. It was not a lie  but the speaker was an estate agent with Harcourts in Palmerston North  New Zealand  who shares the name  the glasses  the black shirt and the flat  earnest delivery. Samsung New Zealand filmed him against a white background and saved the clarification “from Palmerston North” for the end. The spot was released just two days after Apple’s 9 September event  which unveiled the iPhone Duo  the first foldable iPhone  priced at $1 999. It was also the first major launch for new chief executive John Ternus  with Cook moving into the role of executive chairman. Samsung’s Fold 8  by contrast  had launched back in July  weighing 201g against the Duo’s 254g  with the same 7.6-inch inner screen. There is plenty going on behind the scenes. Samsung has been selling foldable phones since 2019. Apple’s Duo relies on Samsung Display for its foldable OLED panel  because no other supplier can deliver it to the required specifications and in the volumes needed. The most critical component of Apple’s new product comes from Samsung  which profits from every iPhone Duo sold. Several analysts note that the device is unusually dependent on South Korean technology  and that the high-capacity versions will be extremely expensive. Samsung’s most expensive customer is called Apple. Its cheapest advertiser is called Tim Cook (the one from New Zealand).,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['The Greek Prime Minister', 'small, bigger', 'toughest tasks', 'Maximos Mansion', 'IASO deal', 'Attica Group', 'return', 'Grimaldi', 'ruling conservative New Democracy (ND) party', 'Deputy Prime Minister Kostis Hatzidakis', 'Former prime minister Antonis Samaras', 'two deputy press spokespeople', 'assorted internal party squabbles', 'ND secretary Kostas Kyranakis', 'former Peloponnese regional governor', 'Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis', 'Athens private hospital group', 'The Prime Minister', 'fuel pump subsidy', 'productive five days', 'World Heritage list', 'major international investors', 'UN General Assembly', 'Oaktree Capital Management', 'State Marco Rubio', 'One outstanding matter', 'winter heating season', 'heating oil prices', 'new party', 'US Secretary', 'Regional visits', 'Working Group', 'Samaras party', 'international prices', 'one year', 'southwestern Peloponnese', 'main party', 'Protothema.gr', 'southern Greece', 'first package', 'current level', 'clearer picture', 'United States', 'routine business', 'business dispute', 'transatlantic dimension', 'pre-election year', 'commercial rows', 'serious problem', 'unwelcome distraction', 'weightier matters', 'national issues', 'message remarks', 'pressing issue', 'industrial area', 'northern Greece', 'difficult constituency', 'Mount Olympus', 'Christos Lagkadianos', 'Porfyllenia Kanellopoulou', 'coming weeks', 'busy agenda', 'Political Assembly', 'European People', 'keynote speaker', 'related resolution', 'other words', 'biggest problem', 'policy response', 'high-profile appearance', 'European audience', 'long weekend', 'memorial service', 'Lena Samara', 'core supporters', 'longstanding allies', 'public interventions', 'extra momentum', 'broad terms', 'foreign policy', 'local issues', 'Petros Tatoulis', 'local officials', 'Piraeus Bank', 'holding company', 'centre-right grouping', 'European economy', 'several dinners', 'candidate announcements', 'IASO deal', 'support measures', 'day debate', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'weather', 'households', 'subject', 'cold', 'government', 'Wednesday', 'essence', 'refineries', '14 October', 'point', 'string', 'fallout', 'far', 'table', 'defence', 'relations', 'Turkey', 'charge', 'shopkeeper', 'head', 'loss', 'discipline', 'ministers', 'cost', 'living', 'series', 'meetings', 'schedule', 'Aspropyrgos', 'Tuesday', 'Pieria', 'Friday', 'Unesco', 'Decisions', 'pace', 'reshuffle', 'name', 'role', 'candidates', 'changes', 'structure', 'Toulouse', 'EPP', 'reindustrialisation', 'Competitiveness', 'field', 'hint', 'Messinia', 'Pylos', 'Sunday', 'death', 'daughter', 'figures', 'effect', 'society', 'rumours', 'reality', 'launch', 'case', 'politics', 'Arcadia', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'Hemithea', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,en.protothema.gr
57487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://smartbusinesnews.com/business/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-report-one-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-2026-2030/,"Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030","Artmarket.com: H1 2026 Financial Report--One-of-a-Kind AI Systems Intuitive Artmarket® and Blind Spot Will Drive the Next Phase of Growth for ""AI-First"" Artprice in 2026-2030smartbusinesnews.com",PARIS  Sept. 28  2026 /PRNewswire/ — Artmarket.com announces that its 120 pages financial report for the six months ended June 30  2026  has been made available to the public and filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  or AMF).The H1 2026 financial report is available on the following websites:“The launch of Artprice News generated exceptional results in terms of coverage  indexing  and search engine optimization (SEO)  particularly in Google AI Overview  which  depending on the country  is becoming the primary way Google users search for information through vertical queries corresponding to new customers (75% to 85%; source: Google).“This success was supported by an extensive global campaign to attract new readers and customers seeking real-time art market news and event calendars. As a global news agency  Artprice News is now picked up throughout the art press  whose average publication frequency is  at best  weekly.“At the same time  a major editorial effort produced more than 3 500 multilingual news reports  incorporated by the editorial team with exclusive data from the Econometrics Department. This substantial effort generated exceptional search engine responses and triggered Google Alerts on a massive scale.”As of June 30  2026  shareholders’ equity stood at €30.826 million. Artprice owns the world’s largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  most recently appraised at €42 million in January 2025. With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket© AI system  Artprice will be able to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of up to 25 to 30 between 2026 and 2030  without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.Artprice by Artmarket’s exceptionally sound management now enables it to lower its break-even point to a remarkable level. Over the years  Artmarket has implemented all the industrial processes needed to keep its average workforce at 49 employees. With Artprice Images® and Intuitive Artmarket®  the group’s total expenses remain virtually unchanged from their 2025 level up to revenue of €90 million  notably through the deployment of its proprietary AI  without any bond financing.The company has never undertaken a capital increase  with the sole exception of previous exercises of stock options reserved for its employees. This reflects the stated commitment of Artmarket.com’s Board of Directors and its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  to avoid diluting shareholders’ holdings or weakening the share price.Groupe Serveur  the founding shareholder  remains by far the largest shareholder  holding 30.16% of the share capital and 45.78% of the voting rights  excluding the Ehrmann family’s holdings. No shares have been sold since 2015  a period of 10 years. This reflects its Founder and Chairman thierry Ehrmann’s absolute confidence in and commitment to Artmarket.com stock.As announced in Artmarket’s second-quarter 2026 press release  published on August 13  2026  under the headline “Artmarket.com: Q2 2026 Growth  From Artprice’s Gradual Transition to Its ‘AI-FIRST’ Transformation ” thierry Ehrmann  Artmarket.com’s Founder  Chairman and CEO  and his family have complete confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com  the world leader in art market information  and in the growth of its business. This confidence is supported in particular by the substantial investments in the development of Artprice by Artmarket.com’s proprietary vertical AI systems  “Intuitive Art Market ©” and Blind Spot ©.The Ehrmann family and Groupe Serveur  the principal shareholder  are demonstrating their confidence in the expansion of Artprice by Artmarket’s business by increasing their holdings in Artmarket.com through purchases of additional Artmarket.com shares. Naturally  all required disclosures are filed with the AMF and published online within the statutory deadlines  and share purchases are made during permitted trading windows.These current and future transactions are intended solely to reaffirm the Ehrmann family’s and Groupe Serveur’s confidence in the future of Artprice by Artmarket.com and to provide their full support to Artmarket.com. They are not intended to result in a public takeover offer or public buyout offer (OPA/OPR)  contrary to the interpretation that continues to circulate on certain forums. The suggestion that the Ehrmann family is failing to make certain share purchase or ownership threshold disclosures is also incorrect.The ONDE extranet (Outil de notification et de déclaration électronique  or Electronic Notification and Disclosure Tool) is the AMF’s secure platform for filing disclosures  including directors’ and executives’ transactions  ownership threshold crossings  and other notifications. It accepts current and future filings. The disclosures referred to are as follows:First disclosure—No. 2026DD1133787 (published on August 17  2026);Second disclosure—No. 2026DD1134265 (published on August 20  2026);Third  supplementary disclosure—No. 2026DD1134267 (published on August 20  2026).In line with this commitment to increasing her stake in Artmarket.com  Ms. Nadège EHRMANN  a member of Artmarket.com’s Board of Directors  sought to acquire additional Artmarket.com shares. As the aggregate value of her various purchases of Artmarket.com shares exceeded the regulatory threshold  she made the required disclosures to the issuer and the AMF in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR).Share purchases also normally follow movements in the share price. For the Ehrmann family  these movements in no way alter its determination to increase its stake in Artprice by Artmarket.com.Artprice by Artmarket has received the government’s “Innovative Company” designation on several occasions from BPI (Banque publique d’investissement  France’s public investment bank). In this capacity  Artmarket devotes 80% of its resources each year to R&D and to creating value through its new databases. Its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  remains by far the largest shareholder through Groupe Serveur—a fundamental criterion according to Warren Buffett and many European investment funds.Data centers incorporating AI have generally become an extremely sensitive and critical issue because of their high energy consumption. Artprice by Artmarket  for its part  has developed a range of hardware and software processes  together with a clean-room architecture  that deliver genuine energy efficiency. At equivalent computing power  its energy consumption decreases by 18% each year (see Artmarket.com’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report). This is the philosophy of its principal shareholder  Groupe Serveur  an Internet pioneer since 1987  which has consistently pursued this approach for 39 years.Since its inception in 1997  Artprice by Artmarket has anticipated the art market’s digital transformation. This transformation is now the only way forward for the art market’s influential players: auction houses  galleries  experts  museums  fairs  exhibitions  and others. There will be no turning back. Leading auction houses  including Sotheby’s  Christie’s  and Bonhams  state that in 2027 they will reach their end-of-2030 targets for the shift to online operations.The shift to online auctions and the substantial increase in time spent at home mean that Internet users need reliable  independent data  such as that provided by Artprice by Artmarket  to participate securely in auctions as sellers or buyers and to stay informed about the art market. All market studies and reports now estimate that there are more than 180 million online art buyers across every continent.In the first half of 2026  Artprice by Artmarket recorded the highest number of lots sold in the history of auctions worldwide (see the Artprice 2026 Art Market Report).It should also be noted that every year Artprice adds more than 1.2 million data records to its databases  themselves enriched through 112 referential integrity fields. These include current-year records and additional historical data  incorporating more than 3 million very-high-resolution photographs through Artprice Images. These enhancements are not fully reflected in the company’s recorded assets.The following background information is intended to address recurring questions from the markets and Artprice by Artmarket’s shareholders.Artprice’s Board of Directors  its Founder and Chairman  and all its employees are committing all their resources to AI. According to its Chairman: “It is worth clarifying that the rapid evolution of AI engines has led Artprice to reassess its position regarding Perplexity on amicable terms.“Several major players now stand out: OpenAI with ChatGPT 6; Google  with the DeepMind ecosystem  Gemini Ultra  and Project Astra; as well as Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta. These alternatives are proving much more relevant to Artprice customers’ expectations. In addition  Perplexity’s original innovation has become a feature that users expect from its competitors.“Perplexity had an immediately understandable value proposition: query the web in natural language and receive an answer supported by sources. ChatGPT integrated its own search capability in October 2024; Google developed AI Mode and then strengthened the connection between its synthesized answers and conversational search (Overview). This convergence is the primary factor. When a feature that once defined a company becomes commonplace  each improvement that company makes generates less media attention.“Perplexity now has to explain why users should choose it  whereas previously it only needed to explain what it enabled them to do. The battle for distribution has become as important as the battle for quality. This was a major missed opportunity  which Artprice experienced against a backdrop of a significant lack of communication between the two companies: a route to a much wider audience was closed off. The rift with content creators and the media presents the most damaging paradox for Perplexity’s media image  arising from its relationship with the information ecosystem. Perplexity built its value by indexing and synthesizing other people’s work.“However  the AI market is characterized by considerable volatility: models and versions evolve practically every two weeks. This makes subscription pricing extremely complex when AI providers’ commercial terms are constantly changing. Regular increases in licensing costs and instability in the price of tokens—the units of computation and billing in AI—make it difficult to plan with confidence.“Artprice requires a stable environment in its relationships with technology partners. Passing monthly price increases on to our subscribers is out of the question. Nevertheless  the company continues to monitor the evolution and future stabilization of these technologies very closely.”For Artprice by Artmarket  AI will be a revolution “more significant than the smartphone and the Internet ” echoing the statements of all the executives who clearly place artificial intelligence at the center of their priorities through an “AI-First” approach  as do all the leaders of GAFAM—Google  Apple  Facebook  Amazon  and Microsoft.According to Larry Ellison  CEO of Oracle  the world leader in database software  with a market capitalization of €414.98 billion  major database publishers with proprietary vertical AI—including Artprice—will dominate the S&P 500 in 2030.For fiscal 2026/2027  Artprice by Artmarket is seeking the “Innovative Company” designation from BPI for the third consecutive time  supported by the highly sophisticated development of a new proprietary AI system integrated into Intuitive Artmarket® with Blind Spot®.This segment of the AI economy rests on five pillars of computing history: big data  deep learning  data mining  proprietary algorithms  and  of course  a core business built on selling rigorously vetted information  with standardized data throughout every process. The information produced by Artprice by Artmarket plays a crucial role. Artprice by Artmarket holds full intellectual property ownership of all five pillars  with established copyright and related rights covering all its algorithms  databases  big data  machine learning  and neural networks.Artprice owns the world’s largest physical collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts dating from 1700 to the present  . With this Library of Alexandria and its Intuitive Artmarket® AI system  Artprice will be able  over the 2025–2030 horizon  to increase the volume of its globally unique data by a factor of 25 to 30 without increasing its expenses  which consist primarily of personnel costs  while generating exponential organic revenue growth.As a reminder  Artprice’s late-2024 study ranked it as the “top-of-mind” art market database  and all AI search engines  including Google  Gemini  and OpenAI  unequivocally confirm Artprice as the global reference for art market databases.An in-depth unaided brand awareness study was prepared in advance to measure Artprice’s presence in academic  scientific  and institutional circles with great precision.In addition to unaided awareness  Artprice assessed the depth of brand knowledge by asking participants at the International Committee of the History of Art congress for more information about their familiarity with the brand. The question was: “Which art market databases do you know?” Of the 378 people surveyed  325  or 86%  named Artprice first  making it the “top-of-mind” art market database.Updates and Outlook for H2 2026 and H1 2027: Charting the Course for 2027–2030Artprice’s Undisputed Leadership in the Digital Art EcosystemFor 29 years  Artprice by Artmarket has held a uniquely dominant position in the global art information market  supported by an exceptional technology infrastructure that processes 55 megabytes of data per second per employee—more than 25 times the European averages  according to a Mazars audit.This outstanding technical performance is the foundation of Artprice’s ability to integrate and capitalize on the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies.Artprice’s databases  with more than 918 000 artists listed and over 30 million auction results covering three centuries of art history since 1700  represent the world’s most comprehensive body of art-related information. This wealth of information  enriched by 212 million images and managed through partnerships with 7 200 auction houses worldwide  creates a unique data ecosystem. Combined with real-time research capabilities for artists and artworks  it generates unprecedented synergies.This physical Library of Alexandria  annotated and analyzed by Artprice’s historians and experts  comprises 212 million images of artworks  including a core collection of 21 million images tokenized by art historians. These images represent the gold standard for deep learning.Artprice maintains active technology monitoring by systematically subscribing to all AI engines  with maximum usage capacity on practically every AI platform available in the market  ensuring continuous strategic monitoring of developments in artificial intelligence.This comprehensive evaluation approach  led by thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s founder and an AI specialist since 1987  with the support of his IT teams  enables Artprice to maintain deep expertise in assessing the performance  accuracy  and reliability of AI platforms.Analysis of the market for AI in art shows exceptional growth  from a value of $212 million in 2022 to a projected $5.8 billion by 2032  representing annual growth of 40.5%. This market expansion  combined with Artprice’s position as the global leader  creates a favorable economic environment for developing premium subscription offerings.Expert Customers and Their Specific Needs for Deeper KnowledgeThe Sophisticated Profile of Artprice’s CustomersArtprice’s customers stand out for their exceptionally high level of expertise and their ongoing demand for deeper knowledge. They include fine art experts  auction house directors  private and institutional collectors  art historians  cultural institutions  international museum curators  researchers  and academics specializing in the art market. Together  they represent the intellectual elite of the global art sector. Their advanced academic training and practical experience make them ideally positioned to benefit from AI’s advanced capabilities  provided they receive support in mastering the appropriate tools and methodologies.The Art Market’s Specific Challenges and AI’s ContributionThe art market has unique characteristics that make artificial intelligence particularly valuable to industry professionals. The complexity of the information to be processed—including artwork histories  market trends  auction data  critical analyses  artists’ biographical information  and socioeconomic contexts—requires research and analytical capabilities beyond traditional human capacity.Recent developments in the market  marked by the emergence of new collectors (44% new buyers in 2025  according to gallery reports)  the rise of AI-generated art  and the transformation of sales methods through growing digital integration  are creating new information needs that only a hybrid approach combining human expertise and artificial intelligence can effectively address.Integrating this documentary heritage with the capabilities of the two proprietary vertical AI systems will create unprecedented synergies for historical and predictive analysis of the art market. This combination will reveal hidden patterns in the evolution of artistic tastes  valuations  and cultural trends over more than three centuries.This democratization is part of a broader shift toward a more accessible art market  illustrated by 17% sales growth among dealers with revenue below $250 000 and by the increase in auction sales of artworks priced below $5 000.This summer  the 1 800-page “world-book ” as Gemini/Google describes it  “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” written by thierry Ehrmann  has become the foundational corpus for a comparative evaluation of readings and critiques produced by nine AI systems: ChatGPT 6  Gemini  Grok  DeepSeek  Perplexity  Mistral  Qwen  Copilot  and Meta.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/Artprice by Artmarket observes that “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” the work of its Founder  Chairman and CEO  thierry Ehrmann  is taking on a new role beyond its editorial distribution: it now serves as the foundational corpus of an experimental literary benchmark devoted to long-form reading  interpretation  and cross-critique among artificial intelligence systems. This initiative opens a comparative program designed to evolve alongside models  corpora  and evaluation methods.The 1 800-page work  freely accessible online at no cost as a raw typescript (4.5 MB)  has reached 21.9 million English-language downloads  according to initial certified distribution data from Artprice and its many distribution partners  reaching 123 countries in 16 languages and dialects through its partner PR Newswire/Cision. Its CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 license allows the work to be shared and distributed—that is  copied  distributed  and communicated through any medium and in any format  with free access and worldwide digital distribution.Download time is less than 10 seconds in any country  thanks to Gemini/Google  which keeps the work cached: https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/This 1 800-page Hyper Mundi by thierry Ehrmann  “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” devotes nearly 30% of its length to Artprice’s extraordinary odyssey from 1991 to the present.Through an initiatory journey marked by major arcana—gathered in the seven arcana of Threshold V  “The Global Memory of the Art Market”—this odyssey retraces encounters and enduring relationships with the mentors and pioneers who shaped the modern history of art prices and art documentation: from Enrique Mayer  the spiritual heir  to the archaeology of memory embodied in the Mireur  through the leading builders on the American continent  Thomas Bayer and Peter Hastings Falk  and on to the bridges forged with Asia through Wan Jie  sealing the mutual recognition of two civilizations.These essential figures  most of whom have since passed away  handed down their intellectual  documentary  and historical legacy by contributing manuscripts  auction catalogs  and notes from experts and auction houses  most of them now gone. In doing so  they definitively established Artprice as the true and ultimate guardian of the global memory of the art market.Through this monumental work  its author  thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s Founder and Chairman  demonstrates that he has been working at the very genesis of AI architectures since 1987  drawing on nearly 40 years of pioneering immersion at the heart of networks and the algorithmic world of AI.This strategic head start  combined with worldwide distribution  enables Artprice to establish itself naturally at the heart of contemporary AI engines as the sector’s primary source of truth and essential reference.The 1 800-page print edition will be released in late October in English and French through various bookstore networks around the world. A Simplified Chinese edition will likely also be printed and distributed in China by our state-affiliated partner Artron. Digital distribution through WeChat  with its 1.43 billion active users  has surged across China.The meta-readings available online form an initial documentary collection unmatched worldwide in scale  making it possible to observe how different systems organize the same work  interpret its structural connections  and discuss analyses produced by other AI systems.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramThe project takes place at La Demeure du Chaos /abode of Chaos (dixit NYT)  Artprice’s global headquarters  where the convergence of creation  archives  and technology fosters exchanges with visitors and researchers. For thierry Ehrmann  AI’s involvement in literature touches on humanity’s understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.The initiative thus extends the principle of the “entrusted pen” (la plume confiée) set out in the book: assistance with wording takes place within a framework of intellectual direction  choices  and oversight assumed by the human author. In the proposed benchmark  this responsibility also extends to designing the tests  examining the evidence  and interpreting the results.With “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.Knowledge  mathematics  and programming tests play a major role in evaluating large language models. Almost all of their benchmarks rely on an expected answer or a verifiable success condition  simply reproducing a binary model.Literature also involves the continuity of a voice  the construction of a coherent whole  shifts in meaning  and the relevance of an interpretation. These dimensions require multiple evaluation criteria and an examination of the reasoning behind each judgment.The program centered on the Codex and initiated by thierry Ehrmann belongs to this humanistic field. It takes as its starting point an extensive  multidisciplinary  and multidimensional work at the intersection of the hard sciences  philosophy  sociology  anthropology  art history  and documentary history  together with the successive readings it generates.Tracking Versions and Renewing the CorporaThis experiment enables Artprice to develop nonbinary benchmarks that are fundamental to measuring progress in the human–machine voice interface. Successive model versions can be tested against an unchanged core set of tasks supplemented by new texts.This traceability also applies to evaluator models. When an automated judge changes  its new assessments must be compared with its earlier ones on a common set of tasks. New  unpublished tests kept outside public distribution will supplement the open corpora to limit the risk of merely measuring familiarity with previously circulated texts or commentaries.To expand this approach  Artprice has a documentary library containing hundreds of thousands of manuscripts  auction catalogs  and art books. This collection provides a vast field of study. Documented selections will make it possible to explore different forms of writing and historical periods while preserving the texts’ provenance and terms of use.This expansion will open up questions specific to Artprice’s business: tracking an attribution over time  distinguishing a source from a commentary  comparing historical descriptions  recognizing changes in vocabulary  or flagging an insufficiently supported connection. The transfer of results to these professional applications will need to be evaluated through domain-specific tests.Human Responsibility at the Center of the ProgramFor thierry Ehrmann  AI’s involvement in literature touches on humanity’s understanding of its own singularity: expression  memory  intention  and responsibility for what it transmits.With “Dialogue Between a Thinker and AI ” Artprice has a foundational corpus and an initial public collection of comparable readings. The next step is to transform this experiment into a reproducible framework capable of documenting the progress  limitations  and divergences of systems across successive versions. Literature thus becomes a testing ground where the skills of writers  publishers  humanities researchers  and engineers intersect.https://www.dialoguebetweenathinkerandai.com/en/meta-reading/1. From Incremental Deployment to an “AI-First” Architectural BreakthroughThe initial option was to introduce our AI building blocks slowly into our long-established databases while helping users learn how to use them. Although prudent  this approach fragmented users’ perception of the technological revolution underway. AI is no longer an optional component: it has become the primary framework of the global economy.Gradually injecting AI modules into an infrastructure proven over 25 to 30 years of use is like trying to convert an internal-combustion vehicle with analog controls into a digitally controlled electric vehicle  piece by piece  while it is still on the road. Customers struggle to grasp the quantum leap between the old world and the new  with the risk of an inconsistent user experience. Today  we are choosing clarity and exacting standards: abandoning piecemeal rollouts in favor of a comprehensive  seamless  and fully realized transformation.2. Financial Strength and an Adjusted TimelineThis commitment to rigor entails a marginal adjustment to our public deployment timeline  with no impact on our financial trajectory. In a complex global economic environment marked by intense geopolitical tensions and highly volatile energy costs  Artprice by Artmarket’s revenue continues to grow steadily. This exceptional economic foundation gives us the independence and confidence to prioritize operational perfection over haste. This is far removed from the situation of publicly traded companies that incorporate AI into their business models and are constantly seeking equity financing.3. Act I: The Revolution Within the OrganizationThe restructuring centers on Artprice’s unique heritage  comprising nearly 180 proprietary databases interconnected in a meta-database with no equivalent worldwide  together with its renowned documentary collection of manuscripts and auction catalogs dating from 1700 to the present  considered unique in the world by researchers and experts.The first phase of this transformation takes place internally. Every employee in the group  every department  and every production unit is being equipped directly with dedicated AI hardware and appliances. Before making these tools available to subscribers  we are completely redesigning our workflows. Our data collection  standardization  and enrichment pipelines are being fully rewritten to meet deep learning and proprietary algorithm standards.4. Act II: Delivering a Database Platform Transformed at Its CoreThe platform will be delivered to our subscribers only once the internal value chain has been fully calibrated. Rather than a stack of evolving modules  the database platform will be a complete “AI-First” environment built on our founding pillars: certified large-scale data (standardized big data)  deep learning  and algorithmic security.By choosing this comprehensive  structured transformation  Artprice reaffirms its pioneering role: turning 30 years of global leadership in information into a sovereign decision intelligence engine for the entire global art market.As the open Internet sinks into entropy and dilution caused by a flood of synthetic data—70% uncontrollable synthetic data as of June 30  2026  according to Gartner Group and Europol Innovation Lab—companies that own their entire data value chain constitute true citadels of cognitive sovereignty.Controlling the entire process  from raw data capture (standardized big data) through data mining to the training of deep learning models on tens of millions of unique records protected by patented algorithmic architectures  is no longer simply a matter of managing digital assets. It means establishing a monopoly on ground truth in a given market—in this case  the art market.The evolution of Artprice’s exclusively proprietary databases into the vertical AI systems “Intuitive Art Market ©” and “Blind Spot ©” is not a simple technical upgrade  but an ontological transformation organized around several strategic dimensions:According to thierry Ehrmann  Artprice’s founder and Artmarket’s Chairman and CEO  an ontological transformation is a radical change not in an entity’s form  performance  or functions—what it does—but in its fundamental nature  essence  and mode of existence—what it is.Where conventional evolution improves an existing system  an ontological transformation changes the category of reality to which that system belongs.Applied to Artprice  its complete control over its vertical AI systems Intuitive Art Market® and Blind Spot®  and its industrial process chains  this transformation manifests itself at three levels:From an information repository to a cognitive organism: Artprice no longer defines itself as an expert aggregator or a historical database. By integrating vertical AI at the very heart of its sovereign infrastructure  the organization moves from being a knowledge base to becoming an autonomous cognitive architecture.The metamorphosis of data: art market data changes its mode of being. From a static  descriptive archival trace  it becomes a dynamic  predictive  living semantic matrix capable of contextualizing and analyzing the market in real time.The ontological sovereignty of the process: ownership of the entire industrial chain—from proprietary raw data to the vertical language model  without application-level dependence on third parties—guarantees systemic self-sufficiency. AI is not a tool grafted onto the model: it becomes the very substance of how Artprice operates.1. From an Information Repository to a Deterministic OracleHistorically  the value of these databases rested on the depth of their indexing and the precision of their search engines. Integrating proprietary vertical AI transforms passive yet incorruptible data into active decision intelligence  while general-purpose large language models (LLMs) suffer from hallucinations caused by the porous nature of their training corpora.Vertical AI backed by a sovereign data chain operates in an ultra-secure  closed-loop environment. The system does not generate plausibility; it produces explainable certainty supported by meticulously precise traceability.2. The Emergence of High-Value Sovereign AgencyUser interaction is evolving from the query-response model toward complex agentic automation. Artprice’s subscribers no longer look for a matching record or a historical statistic; they commission an autonomous Artprice agent  trained exclusively on this data heritage  to carry out arbitrage  simulate forward-looking scenarios  or model risks with exceptional precision. Vertical AI becomes an augmented collaborator that extracts the underlying value from the millions of data pairs accumulated over decades by Artprice by Artmarket.3. The Value of Scarcity Amid the Flood of Synthetic DataAs the marginal cost of creating generic content collapses toward zero  the relative value of historical  certified  nonreplicable databases grows exponentially (FT). Companies controlling this sealed data chain hold the digital world’s only unpolluted “crude oil wells.” Their subscription model no longer sells access to information  but the privilege of access to an information asymmetry that is critical to strategic  financial  or operational decision-making  through an annual subscription priced very reasonably at €1 600 to €2 500.4. Algorithmic Interfacing and Restricted HybridizationThese citadels will not isolate themselves completely  but will evolve their access models. The future lies in deploying predictive APIs and inference subsystems that can integrate directly into institutional clients’ workflows. Instead of delivering raw data  Artprice will distribute an embedded intelligence component  making its algorithmic ecosystem indispensable and intrinsically linked to its subscribers’ mission-critical processes.5. Continuous Data Capture and the Closed Feedback LoopEvery query and every analysis conducted by Artprice’s privileged users within this vertical AI system  in turn  enriches the data structure itself through continuous fine-tuning and metadata enrichment. This feedback mechanism creates an unassailable technological flywheel: the more experts query Artprice’s databases through AI  the more the AI refines its semantic and predictive understanding of the market  continually widening the gap with any emerging competitor.In short  these exclusively proprietary databases will cease to be perceived as digital libraries and become sovereign inference engines. By controlling both the fuel—tens of millions of certified data records—and the engine—vertical AI and its proprietary algorithms—these companies are doing more than evolving. They are redefining the very nature of paid strategic intelligence  establishing data exclusivity as the supreme standard of the algorithmic era.Strategic Synthesis: Perfect Encapsulation and Absolute Rigor for the Premium OfferingWith the enormous head start secured by our two proprietary AI systems—Intuitive Art Market and Blind Spot—we have taken the necessary step back to make a very slight adjustment to our launch timeline. This strategic shift addresses a fundamental requirement: finalizing a premium subscription in which technological power disappears entirely behind absolute ease of use.The overriding priority is to encapsulate algorithmic complexity completely between our data production pipelines and the customer-facing experience. Subscribers should no longer have to manipulate complex filters or settings; dialogue between our members and our sovereign AI systems must be natural and seamless.In the art market’s specialized ecosystem  this fluidity demands extreme rigor: the AI must master industry terminology and operate in more than 40 languages while respecting art history’s golden rule  which strictly prohibits translating artwork titles. Preserving the original nomenclature and complying with our long-established protocols remain nonnegotiable.This professionalization of AI use in art creates new career opportunities while preserving the importance of traditional art education.Future Outlook and Strategic Developments2026–2030 Technology RoadmapExpansion Into New Markets and ApplicationsThe success of this collaboration opens opportunities to expand into other specialized fields of knowledge  broadening both companies’ influence beyond the traditional art market. France’s Minister of Culture has officially recognized thierry Ehrmann’s La Demeure du Chaos—”Abode of Chaos ” as The New York Times calls it—located at the heart of Artprice’s headquarters  as a total work of art. That recognition  together with its role in the strategy for developing sovereign AI  suggests potential government support for extending this model of collaboration.Copyright 1987-2026 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com – www.artmarket.comArtprice’s econometrics department can answer all your questions relating to personalized statistics and analyses: econometrics@artprice.comFind out more about our services with the artist in a free demonstration: https://artprice.com/demoOur services: https://artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket.com:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris. The latest TPI analysis includes more than 18 000 individual shareholders excluding foreign shareholders  companies  banks  FCPs  UCITS: Euroclear: 7478 – Bloomberg: PRC – Reuters: ARTF.Watch a video about Artmarket.com and its Artprice department: https://artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department were founded in 1997 by thierry Ehrmann  the company’s CEO. They are controlled by Groupe Serveur (created in 1987). cf. the certified biography from Who’s Who In France©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2025/11/2026_Biographie_de_Thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 918 800 artists.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest art market image bank in the world with no less than 181 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  constantly enriches its databases from 7 200 auction houses and continuously publishes art market trends for the main agencies and press titles in the world in 121 countries and 11 languages.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-artprice-and-cision-extend-their-alliance-to-119-countries-to-become-the-worlds-leading-press-agency-dedicated-to-the-art-market-nfts-and-the-metaverse-301431845.htmlArtmarket.com makes available to its 9.3 million members (members log in) the advertisements posted by its Members  who now constitute the first global Standardized Marketplace® for buying and selling artworks at fixed prices.There is now a future for the Art Market with Artprice’s Intuitive Artmarket® AI.Artmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label “Innovative Company” by the French Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Global Art Market Annual Report  published in March 2026:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2025Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2025 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2025Summary of Artmarket press releases with its Artprice department: https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real-time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (more than 6.3 million subscribers)x.com/artmarketdotcomx.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and the universe of Artmarket and its Artprice department: https://www.artprice.com/videowhose head office is the famous Museum of Contemporary Art Abode of Chaos dixit The New York Times / La Demeure of Chaos:https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013Madame Rachida Dati  French Minister of Culture  has granted official recognition to thierry Ehrmann’s Abode of Chaos as a ‘total work of art’  the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket.https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/madame-rachida-dati-french-minister-of-culture-has-granted-official-recognition-to-thierry-ehrmanns-abode-of-chaos-as-a-total-work-of-art-the-global-headquarters-of-artprice-by-artmarket-302409684.htmlLa Demeure du Chaos/Abode of Chaos – Total Work of Art and Singular Architecture.Confidential bilingual work  now made public: https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdf• L’Obs – The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o• https://www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (more than 4.1 million subscribers)• https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department – Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  ir@artmarket.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarketcom-h1-2026-financial-reportone-of-a-kind-ai-systems-intuitive-artmarket-and-blind-spot-will-drive-the-next-phase-of-growth-for-ai-first-artprice-in-20262030-302891864.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.35,0.24,True,English,"['H1 2026 Financial Report', 'Kind AI Systems', 'Blind Spot', 'Next Phase', 'AI-First"" Artprice', 'Intuitive Artmarket®', 'Growth', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'exceptional search engine responses', 'The H1 2026 financial report', 'proprietary vertical AI systems', 'real-time art market news', 'exponential organic revenue growth', 'Intuitive Artmarket© AI system', 'additional Artmarket.com shares', '120 pages financial report', 'search engine optimization', 'Intuitive Art Market', 'extensive global campaign', 'déclaration électronique', 'ownership threshold crossings', 'global news agency', '3,500 multilingual news reports', 'average publication frequency', 'largest physical collection', 'second-quarter 2026 press release', 'art market information', 'public takeover offer', 'public buyout offer', 'Google AI Overview', 'major editorial effort', 'ownership threshold disclosures', 'Outil de notification', 'Artmarket.com stock', 'The Ehrmann family', 'proprietary AI', 'art press', 'exceptional results', 'vertical queries', 'editorial team', 'substantial effort', 'average workforce', 'stock options', 'largest shareholder', 'Electronic Notification', 'Q2 2026 Growth', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'Artprice News', 'six months', 'following websites', 'primary way', 'Google users', 'new readers', 'event calendars', 'same time', 'exclusive data', 'Econometrics Department', 'Google Alerts', 'massive scale', 'shareholders’ equity', 'auction catalogs', 'unique data', 'personnel costs', 'sound management', 'break-even point', 'remarkable level', 'industrial processes', '2025 level up', 'bond financing', 'capital increase', 'sole exception', 'previous exercises', 'share price', 'Groupe Serveur', 'founding shareholder', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Gradual Transition', 'AI-FIRST’ Transformation', 'substantial investments', 'Blind Spot', 'principal shareholder', 'statutory deadlines', 'trading windows', 'full support', 'share purchase', 'ONDE extranet', 'Disclosure Tool', 'secure platform', 'executives’ transactions', 'other notifications', 'First disclosure', 'Second disclosure', 'filing disclosures', 'new customers', 'total expenses', 'world leader', 'future transactions', 'future filings', 'absolute confidence', 'complete confidence', 'shareholders’ holdings', 'Artprice Images', 'purchases', 'PARIS', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'AMF', 'launch', 'terms', 'coverage', 'indexing', 'SEO', 'country', 'source', 'success', 'manuscripts', 'present', 'January', 'Library', 'Alexandria', 'volume', 'factor', 'years', '49 employees', 'deployment', 'company', 'commitment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'period', 'August', 'headline', 'business', 'development', 'expansion', 'current', 'OPA/OPR', 'interpretation', 'forums', 'suggestion', 'No.']",2026-09-28,2026-09-29,smartbusinesnews.com
