UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54972,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236897/0/en/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 24  2026  at 2:00 p.m. (EET)....,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 12  2026  at 9:15 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 24  2026  at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EET).Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting for the year 2025Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor and sustainability assurer7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.86 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2025 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 26  2026. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 2  2026. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on February 27  2026  on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Antti Jääskeläinen  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Nomination Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027 will be as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 75 000 and each Board member EUR 50 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The company will compensate the transaction costs and costs related to the applicable asset transfer tax arising from the share purchases.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027 will be EUR 2 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee per attended meeting  EUR 1 500 for the Chair of People and Sustainability Committee  the Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors  and EUR 1 200 for each member of a committee for each attended meeting. In addition  members of the Board residing outside of Finland will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 per physical meeting attended  however  if two or more meetings are held during a day  the maximum fee is EUR 1 000. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Articles of Association of Vaisala the number of board members would be 6–9.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be seven (7). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsWith the exception of Lotte Rosenberg  all other currently serving members of Board are available for re-election.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Annica Bresky  Antti Jääskeläinen  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tuomas Syrjänen  Raimo Voipio and Ville Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Elina Björklund be elected as member of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website at vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Resolution on remuneration of sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the assurer be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.17. Election of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorized Sustainability Auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2027. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT)  as the assurer with principal authority.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible mergers and acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive plans  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 24  2027. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 25  2025.19. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the shares  transfer of treasury shares and issuance of special rights entitling to shares as follows:The authorization concerns only series A shares. The Board may issue either new shares or transfer treasury shares held by the company to a maximum of 3 000 000 shares  which represents 9.00% of series A shares in the company and 8.23% of all shares in the company. The authorization can also be used as part of the company’s incentive plans for up to 1 000 000 shares  which represents 2.70% of all the shares in the company.The shares can be issued or transferred for consideration or without consideration. Shares or special rights entitling to shares can be issued in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights by way of a directed issue if there is a weighty financial reason from company’s point of view  such as using the shares as a consideration in potential mergers or acquisitions  to finance investments  or as a part of the Company’s incentive plans.The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve upon all other terms and conditions for the issuance of shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 24  2027. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 24  2031. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 25  2025.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available on Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report  and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by February 27  2026  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website at vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2026.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 12  2026  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 19  2026  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 12  2026  at 09:15 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to Innovatics Oy agm@innovatics.fiIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information regarding registration is available by telephone during the General Meeting’s registration period from Innovatics Oy at phone number +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays between 09:00 a.m.–12:00 p.m. (EET) and 13:00 p.m.–16:00 p.m. (EET).2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 12  2026  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 19  2026  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Vaisala Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration time March 19  2026. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 11  2026  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares  of which 3 093 128 are series K shares and 33 343 600 are series A shares. Total votes attached to all shares is 95 206 160. Vaisala holds a total of 180 290 company’s series A shares  which represent 0.54% of series A shares and 0.49% of all shares. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes  and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 95 025 870 of which series K shares represent 61 862 560 votes and series A shares represent 33 163 310 votes.Vantaa  February 11  2026Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in measurement instruments and intelligence for climate action. We equip our customers with devices and data to improve resource efficiency  drive energy transition  and care for the safety and well-being of people and societies worldwide. With over 90 years of innovation and expertise  we employ a team of close to 2 500 experts committed to taking every measure for the planet. Vaisala series A shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange.www.vaisala.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'applicable asset transfer tax', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Kaarina Ståhlberg', 'Tuomas Syrjänen', 'Elina Björklund', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'meeting fee', 'physical meeting', 'Tuesday March', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'maximum fee', 'Lotte Rosenberg', 'Annica Bresky', 'Raimo Voipio', 'Ville Voipio', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Assurance Report', 'Sustainability Statement', 'sustainability reporting', 'Sustainability Committee', 'attendance fees', 'fiscal year', 'transaction costs', 'share purchases', 'serving members', 'other committee', 'live webcast', 'dividend distribution', 'same shareholders', 'The Board', 'Board member', '9:15 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'website', 'questions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'recommendation', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'addition', 'two', 'meetings', 'number', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'exception', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54973,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236972/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Orion-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation,ORION CORPORATION   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING 12 FEBRUARY 2026 at 12:05 EET  Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion...,ORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING12 FEBRUARY 2026 at 12:05 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Orion Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 24 March 2026 at 2:00 p.m. Finnish time at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 1:00 p.m. Finnish time at the meeting venue. Coffee will be served after the meeting.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Matters of order for the meeting3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legal convening of the meeting and quorum5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report for the year 2025Review by the President and CEO.The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com at the latest as from 3 March 2026.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendOrion Corporation’s distributable funds at 31 December 2025 are EUR 853 045 368.34  of which the profit for the financial year is EUR 482 748 629.26. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.80 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2025. No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares held by the Company on the record date for dividend payment.According to the proposal  the dividend would be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.90 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  26 March 2026  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the first instalment would be paid on 2 April 2026. The second instalment of EUR 0.90 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  20 October 2026  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the second instalment would be paid on 27 October 2026.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 500 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors. Any remaining distributable funds would be allocated to retained earnings.There have been no material changes in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2025 be adopted. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report for the governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com at the latest as from 3 March 2026.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Company’s Nomination Committee has announced as its recommendation that the following remunerations be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman would receive EUR 120 000  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 73 000 and the other members would receive EUR 60 000 each. However  if a member of the Board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee would be EUR 73 000.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman would receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 900  and the other members would receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members would be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees would also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland would be doubled if the meeting was held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent would be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which would be acquired for the members over the period 24–30 April 2026 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 48 000 for the Chairman  EUR 29 200 for the Vice Chairman and for the Board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee  and EUR 24 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and would be paid no later than 29 May 2026. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the Company would pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares.Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland would be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members would be required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person's membership of the Board of Directors of the Company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer would expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee has not given its recommendation on the remuneration of the Board of Directors to the Board of Directors  but the matter will be proposed by a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.The members of the Nomination Committee belonging to the Board of Directors did not participate in the consideration or decision-making regarding the recommendation on the remuneration of the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be eight.13. Election of the members and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that of the present members of the Board  Kari Jussi Aho  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Henrik Stenqvist and Karen Lykke Sørensen be re-elected for the next term of office  and Minna Maasilta and Sophie Papa be elected as new members.Veli-Matti Mattila would be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Of the present members  Eija Ronkainen and Maziar Mike Doustdar are no longer available forre-election.All proposed members have been evaluated to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.Minna Maasilta  born in 1986  holds a Master of Science (Eng.) and an MBA degree. Maasilta has had a long career in water and environmental engineering. She is currently the Managing Director of Maa- ja vesitekniikan tuki ry.Sophie Papa  born in 1976  holds a Bachelor of Arts degree  a Bachelor of Medicine  Bachelor of Surgery degree and a PhD degree. Papa has had a long career in the fields of medicine and biotechnology. She is currently Consulting Venture Partner at RA Capital  Chief Medical Officer at several biotechnology companies and Clinical Reader (Associate Professor) in Immune Oncology at King’s College London.Brief presentations of all the persons proposed as Board members and their independence evaluations are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Company's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.15. Election of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s Auditor for the next term of office.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Sustainability Reporting Audit Firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider for the next term of office.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares on the following terms and conditions:Maximum number of shares to be acquiredBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 Class B shares of the Company.Consideration to be paid for the sharesThe own shares shall be acquired at market price at the time of the acquisition quoted in trading on the regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  using funds in the Company’s unrestricted equity.Directed acquisitionThe own shares shall be acquired in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act otherwise than in proportion corresponding to the shareholders’ holdings in trading on the regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares shall be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Oy.Retaining  cancellation and conveyance of the sharesThe own shares acquired by the Company can be retained  cancelled  or conveyed by the Company. The shares can be acquired for using them as part of the Company’s incentive system  or otherwise conveying or cancelling them.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the acquisition of own shares.The authorisation to acquire own shares shall be valid for 18 months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by conveying own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on a share issue by conveying the Company’s own shares held by the Company on the following terms and conditions:Maximum number of shares to be conveyedBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the conveyance of no more than 1 000 000 own Class B shares held by the Company. The maximum number of own shares held by the Company to be conveyed represents approximately 0.71% of all shares in the Company and approximately 0.14% of all the votes in the Company.Conveyance against and without paymentThe own shares held by the Company can be conveyed either against or without payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed issueThe own shares held by the Company may be conveyedby selling them in trading on the regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd;in a directed issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the conveyance regardless of whether they own Class A or B shares; orin a directed issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as using the shares as part of the Company’s incentive system. The directed share issue can be without payment only if there is an especially weighty financial reason in view of the Company and the interests of all its shareholders.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for own shares conveyed shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the conveyance of own shares.The authorisation to convey own shares shall be valid for five years from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting.This resolution cancels the corresponding share issue authorisation concerning conveyance of own shares given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 to the extent the authorisation has not yet been exercised.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueThe new shares may be issuedin a directed issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own class A or B shares; orin a directed issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  or financing investments.The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system. The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the authorisation to the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by conveying own shares set out in item 17 of this Annual General Meeting.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe foregoing proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and the recommendation of the Nomination Committee as well as this notice to the Annual General Meeting are available on Orion Corporation’s website at www.orionpharma.com. The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report as well as the Remuneration Report of Orion Corporation are available on the above-mentioned website no later than 3 March 2026. The proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 7 April 2026 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders being on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 12 March 2026  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 16 February 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time. A shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than on 18 March 2026 before 4:00 p.m. Finnish time  by which deadline the registration must be received by the recipient. Such registration may be madea) on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com  which requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder  legal representative or proxy representative using personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate;b) by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by post to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland; orc) by telephone to +358 10 2818 909 Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.The necessary information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  address and telephone number and/or e-mail address as well as the name of a possible assistant  legal representative or proxy representative and the date of birth and telephone number and/or e-mail address of the proxy representative  must be given in connection with the registration. The personal data given in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations relating to it.The shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 12 March 2026  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation requires that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on 19 March 2026 by 10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to timely request from their custodian bank the necessary instructions concerning the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange the advance voting on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder before the expiry of the registration period applicable to the nominee registered shareholders.3. Use of proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by using the proxy representative’s personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate. A proxy representative is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Template of the proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered before the end of the registration period as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by post to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. Delivery of proxy documents before the closing of the registration is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the information necessary for registration set out under section C1 is included.Shareholders can also in many cases use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication using personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate in the electronic registration service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on the agenda items 7 to 18 during the period from 16 February 2026 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time until 18 March 2026 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish timea) on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com  which requires strong electronic authentication in the same manner as described in relation to the registration in this notice under section C1; orb) by post or by e-mail by delivering the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or the corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by post to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period. The advance voting form will be available on the Company’s website on 16 February 2026 at the latest. The delivery of votes in this manner before the closing of the registration and the advance voting is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the information necessary for registration set out under section C1 is included.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to change after the end of the advance period the votes cast unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes. The conditions of the advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com.5. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast by ordering a link and password in advance by 18 March 2026 by 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Instructions for ordering the link and the password and following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. It is not possible to exercise the shareholders’ rights under the Finnish Companies Act via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  12 February 2026  the total number of shares in Orion Corporation is 141 134 278  of which 31 524 740 are class A shares and 109 609 538 class B shares  representing in total 740 104 338 votes  of which class A shares account for 630 494 800 votes and class B shares for 109 609 538 votes.Espoo  12 February 2026Orion CorporationBoard of DirectorsOrion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Mikko KemppainenGeneral CounselContact person:Tuukka Hirvonen  Head of Investor Relations  phone +358 10 426 2721Publisher:Orion CorporationCommunicationsOrionintie 1A  FI-02200 Espoo  Finlandhttp://www.orionpharma.comOrion is a globally operating Nordic pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being for over a hundred years. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. In 2025 Orion’s net sales amounted to EUR 1 890 million and the company employs about 4 000 professionals worldwide  dedicated to building well-being. Orion’s A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new record date', 'The Financial Statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Finnish time', 'financial position', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'legal convening', 'Balance Sheet', 'distributable funds', 'treasury shares', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'medical research', 'other purposes', 'public interest', 'Governing Bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'payment date', 'The Board', 'advance voting', 'shareholders’ rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'other rules', 'material changes', 'The Company', 'Tuesday 24 March', 'profit distribution', 'dividend payment', '3 March', 'NOTICE', '12 FEBRUARY', '12:05 EET', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'Coffee', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'website', 'orionpharma', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'quorum', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', '31 December', 'basis', '2 April', '27 October', 'case', 'regulations', 'addition', 'earnings', 'liquidity', 'opinion', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54974,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236857/0/en/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting...,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  12 February 2026 at 8.10 a.m. EETNotice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Thursday 16 April 2026 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Finlandia Hall (Congress Hall A)  at the address Mannerheimintie 13 e  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for 2025Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting will be made available on 26 March 2026 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2025  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 67 287 863.08 of which EUR 23 054 505.65 was profit for the financial year 2025. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a regular dividend of EUR 0.42 per share be paid for the financial year 2025. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 17.0 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 20 April 2026 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 27 April 2026 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202510. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2025  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 16 April 2024 by the company’s Annual General Meeting  will be available on 26 March 2026 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 31 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2025 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 55 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members. Board members who reside outside Finland would receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2025.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2026 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the Annual General Meeting  16 April 2026  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  a monthly fee of EUR 5 000 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement will be paid. The fee is unchanged from 2025. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement  but Mika Ihamuotila will not take part in the evaluation. If Mika Ihamuotila is elected as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  he will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 31 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 31 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that Massimiliano Brunazzo  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors. Of the current members of the Board  Carol Chen and Tomoki Takebayashi have announced that they will not be available for re-election.The same shareholders further propose that Jean-Baptiste Debains and Antoinette Louis be elected as new members of the Board. Debains (b. 1967  MBA) has worked for over twenty years in leadership positions in luxury fashion companies  latest as President of Christian Dior Couture in the Asia Pacific region  and prior to that at Loro Piana  Fendi and as well as a total of 14 years at Louis Vuitton  of which seven years as President  Asia Pacific both in Asia and Europe. Louis (b. 1970  MBA) is a consultant focusing on the high-end sector. Before founding her own company  Louis worked for ten years in leadership positions in luxury house Hermès overseeing the business for their iconic silk scarves and other accessories  among others. Before that Louis held versatile management positions in at Nespresso France and underwear company DIM.Massimiliano Brunazzo  Jean-Baptiste Debains  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Antoinette Louis and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. The term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2027. Biographical details of the new proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026. Other proposed Board members are presented at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/board-of-directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  Authorized Public Accountant  KHT  would act as the principal auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance provider be paid as per invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  be elected as the company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  (ASA)  would act as the Authorized Sustainability Auditor having principal responsibility.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2025 Annual General Meeting.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2025 Annual General Meeting.20. Resolution on the establishment of a Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company establishes a Shareholders’ Nomination Board and that its charter be approved with the principal terms set out below.In accordance with the proposal  the duty of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board would be to prepare to the Annual General Meeting and  where necessary  to an Extraordinary General Meeting  proposals for the number  composition  and remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Board would be established for an indefinite term until otherwise decided by a General Meeting. Under the proposal  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board would consist of up to four (4) members representing the company’s four (4) largest shareholders  determined based on the voting rights carried by all shares in the company on the last business day of May preceding the Annual General Meeting. If the Chair of the company’s Board of Directors is not a representative appointed by one of the largest shareholders  the Chair of the Board shall act as an expert member of the Nomination Board without being an official member and without voting rights.The Nomination Board shall elect a chair from among its members. The term of office of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board ends annually upon the appointment of the next Shareholders’ Nomination Board (appointed after the following Annual General Meeting).The nomination procedure as well as the composition  duties  and operations of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board are defined in more detail in its charter. The proposed charter is available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor’s report  the assurance report on sustainability reporting  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the Annual General Meeting of 2024 will be available on the company’s website on 26 March 2026 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the company’s website as of 30 April 2026 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  2 April 2026  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account (including equity savings account) is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than Wednesday 8 April 2026 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Wednesday 11 March 2026 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/Electronic registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder registering by mail or email must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth  business ID  email address  telephone number  the name of any assistant as well as the name  date of birth  phone number and/or email address of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  2 April 2026  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 13 April 2026 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication of the proxy representative. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/ on 11 March 2026 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the shareholder authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 11 March 2026 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 8 April 2026 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/Electronic advance voting requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/ or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 11 March 2026 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the Annual General Meeting prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/.Further information on advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2026/. Following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  12 February 2026  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  12 February 2026MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2025  the company's net sales totaled EUR 190 million and comparable operating profit margin was 17.1 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 39 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 490 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'dividend payout record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'dividend payout date', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Congress Hall A', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'Finlandia Hall', 'meeting venue', 'The Board', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'A. Matters', 'financial statements', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'regular dividend', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'committee work', 'Remuneration Committee', 'assurance report', 'interim report', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Board meeting', 'remuneration report', 'total amount', 'Thursday 16 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'parent company', '8.10 a', '20 April', '27 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'EEST', 'address', 'Mannerheimintie', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'Shareholders', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'management', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '26 March', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', '31 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '1 January', '31 March', 'applica', '2.00', '1.00', '10.']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54975,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236861/0/en/Hiab-Corporation-Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-2026.html,Hiab Corporation: Notice to Annual General Meeting 2026,HIAB CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  12 FEBRUARY 2026 AT 8:25 AM (EET)   Hiab Corporation: Notice to Annual General Meeting 2026  Notice is given to...,HIAB CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  12 FEBRUARY 2026 AT 8:25 AM (EET)Hiab Corporation: Notice to Annual General Meeting 2026Notice is given to the shareholders of Hiab Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 24 March 2026 at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Finlandia Hall  Veranda 2  Mannerheimintie 13 e  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting  the distribution of voting tickets and coffee service preceding the meeting will commence at 12:30 p.m. (EET).Shareholders may also exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice.The Annual General Meeting may be followed via a webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise address the meeting or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered as participation in the General Meeting or as exercise of the shareholders’ rights.Before the Annual General Meeting  the company will arrange a discussion event with the management from 1:00 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. (EET) at the meeting venue. The event will be open for shareholders who have registered for the meeting and will be held in English. In connection with the event  participants can present questions to the management  but the event is not part of the General Meeting and thus  questions presented at the event are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingInformation and proposals concerning the formal organisational matters in agenda items 1 to 5 are included in a separate organisational document published on the company's website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26. This document also constitutes a part of this notice to the General Meeting. The document may be supplemented at the meeting with such information that is not available before the Annual General Meeting.The following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements  the Board of Directors' report  the auditor's report and the assurance report on the sustainability statement for the financial period 2025Review by the President and CEO.The financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on the sustainability statement are available on the company's website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26.Adoption of the financial statementson Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.16 per each class A share and a dividend of EUR 1.17 per each outstanding class B share be paid for the financial period ended 31 December 2025. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the dividend payment  26 March 2026  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 2 April 2026.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Presentation of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26.Presentation of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting of 2025 adopted the remuneration policy for the governing bodies. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or whenever material changes are made to it.The Board of Directors proposes certain amendments to the policy and therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company’s updated remuneration policy for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.The changes in the proposed remuneration policy for governing bodies include revision to the annual amount of the President and CEO’s short-term incentive to range between 0 and 150 (current: 130) percent of the fixed salary and the long-term incentive to range between 0 and 350 (current 230) percent of the fixed salary. Other changes compared to the remuneration policy confirmed at the Annual General Meeting of 2025 are minor and of technical nature.The remuneration policy for governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors  based on the recommendation of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  proposes the following yearly remuneration for Board members for the term ending at the Annual General Meeting in 2027:Board annual fees:EUR 170 000 (2025: 160 000) to the Chair of the BoardEUR 100 000 (2025: 95 000) to the Vice Chair of the BoardEUR 85 000 (2025: 80 000) to each member of the BoardCommittee annual fees:EUR 22 000 (2025: 20 000) to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management CommitteeEUR 11 000 (2025: 10 000) to each member of the Audit and Risk Management CommitteeEUR 16 000 (2025: 15 000) to the Chair of any other committee constituted by the BoardEUR 6 000 (2025: 5 000) to each member of any other committee constituted by the BoardIn addition to the annual fees  meeting fees for attending Board or Committee meetings are proposed as follows:EUR 1 000 (2025: 1 000) for meetings held in the Member’s country of residence or attended remotelyEUR 2 000 (2025: 2 000) for meetings held in a different country from the Member’s residenceEUR 3 000 (2025: 3 000) for meetings held on a different continent from the Member’s residenceThe Board further proposes that the annual Board and Committee fees are to be paid in the company shares and cash so that 40 (2025: 40) percent is to be paid in the company’s class B shares to be purchased on the Board members’ behalf from the market at a price determined in public trading  and the rest in cash.The shares will be purchased within two weeks of the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January 2026–31 March 2026 or as soon as possible thereafter in accordance with applicable legislation. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares.Expenses related to travel and accommodation  as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work shall be reimbursed in accordance with company policy.If the term of a member of the Board of Directors terminates before the Annual General Meeting of 2027  the Board has a right to decide upon potential reclaim of the term fees as it deems appropriate.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  that the number of members of the Board of Directors elected is 7 (2025: 8). However  should any number of the candidates proposed by the Board of Directors for any reason not be available at the General Meeting for election to the Board of Directors  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that Eric Alström  Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Casimir Lindholm  Jukka Moisio  Tuija Pohjolainen-Hiltunen  Ritva Sotamaa and Luca Sra  current members of the Board of Directors  are re-elected as Board members. Ilkka Herlin has informed that he is not available for re-election. Jukka Moisio is proposed to be re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors and Casimir Lindholm re-elected as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. The proposed members of the Board of Directors are presented on Hiab’s webpage: www.hiabgroup.com/governance.Should any of the candidates presented above for any reason not be available at the General Meeting for election to the Board of Directors  the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors.The duty of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board in Hiab is to ensure that the individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competencies  and also that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise and experience for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies. Therefore  as regards the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting.All the Board member candidates have given their consent to be elected. All candidates have been assessed to be independent of the company’s significant shareholders. Furthermore  all of them  with the exception of Casimir Lindholm  the company's former President and CEO  have been assessed to be independent of the company.Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that the auditor’s and sustainability reporting assurance provider’s fees be paid according to an invoice approved by the company.Election of the auditor and sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that audit firm Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as the company’s auditor. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Terhi Mäkinen  Authorised Public Accountant  would act as the responsible auditor.The Board of Directors further proposes  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that authorised sustainability auditor Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as the sustainability reporting assurance provider. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Terhi Mäkinen  Authorised Sustainability Auditor  would act as the principal sustainability reporting assurer.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares as follows:A maximum of 6 400 000 shares in the company may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge on the basis of the authorisation  of which no more than 952 000 are class A shares and 5 448 000 are class B shares  corresponding to approximately 9.89 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares acquired on the basis of the authorisation may only be purchased with unrestricted equity of the company.The purchase price of class A and class B shares shall be based on the market price of class B share formed in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of purchase: the lowest market price of the company’s class B share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period shall be the minimum consideration and the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period shall be the maximum consideration. The shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge through a directed purchase as defined in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 26 March 2025 to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the company’s own shares. The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  as follows: the number of shares to be issued based on this authorisation in one or more instalments shall not exceed 952 000 class A shares and 5 448 000 class B shares  corresponding to approximately 9.89 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights provided that the issuance is based on weighty financial reasons. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares.The authorisation cancels the authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting on 26 March 2025 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on donationsThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on donations to science  research and/or charity in the maximum amount of EUR 100 000. Donations may be made in one or more installments. The Board of Directors may decide on the recipients and amounts of donations. The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice  which contains all proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on Hiab Corporation’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26. Hiab Corporation’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on the sustainability statement  as well as the organisational document  the remuneration report and remuneration policy are also available on the abovementioned website on 5 March 2026 at the latest. The proposals for resolutions and the other abovementioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. A copy of these documents will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than on 7 April 2026.C. Instructions for the participants of the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who  on the record date of the General Meeting 12 March 2026  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the General Meeting nor on the number of votes.Registration for the General Meeting will commence on 13 February 2026 at 12:00 noon (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 17 March 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration must be received. Registration for the meeting may be made:on the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26;Electronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi; or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Hiab Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and possible advance voting form available on the company's website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26 or corresponding information in their notice.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information such as their name  personal or business identity code  contact details  the name of a proxy representative or assistant  if any  and the personal ID  phone number and/or email address of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Hiab Corporation by shareholders is only used in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. For further information on the handling of personal data  please visit the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26.A shareholder  and their authorised representative or proxy representative  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the General Meeting upon request.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon (EET) and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the General Meeting 12 March 2026. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 19 March 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the General Meeting nor on the number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting and  if needed  the advance voting from their custodian bank without delay. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the company by the abovementioned date at the latest  and  if needed  take care of the advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shareholders.Further information will also be available on the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26.Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.The proxy representative must use their personal strong electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. A proxy representative shall present a dated power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the electronic registration service.Power of attorney and voting instruction templates are available on the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  separate proxy documents for each book-entry account shall be provided and the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  or alternatively by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Hiab Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the expiry of the registration period. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or its proxy representative shall also register for the General Meeting in the manner set out above in this notice.Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting during the period from 13 February 2026 at 12:00 noon (EET) until on 17 March 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) in the following ways:on the company’s website at www.hiabgroup.com/agm26; orAdvance voting requires that the shareholder or their statutory representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication with Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Hiab Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the expiry of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that they contain the abovementioned information required for the registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regard to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting.Other instructions and informationThe General Meeting is conducted in Finnish. The meeting will be simultaneously interpreted into English.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.On the date of this notice 12 February 2026  the total number of Hiab Corporation’s class A shares is 9 526 089 and the total number of class B shares is 55 182 079. Pursuant to the articles of association  each class A share represents one vote and each full set of ten class B shares represents one vote  however  each shareholder has a minimum of one vote. On the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 189 515 of its own class B shares that do not carry a right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the General Meeting nor on the number of votes.In Helsinki  12 February 2026Hiab CorporationBoard of DirectorsHiab (Nasdaq Helsinki: HIAB) is a leading provider of smart and sustainable on road load-handling solutions  committed to delivering the best customer experience every day with the most engaged people and partners. Globally  Hiab is represented on every continent through its extensive network of 3 000 own and partner sales and service locations  enabling delivery to over 100 countries. The company's sales in 2025 totalled approximately EUR 1.6 billion and it employs approximately 4 000 people. www.hiabgroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hiab Corporation', 'Notice', 'outstanding class B share', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'class A share', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'formal organisational matters', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'separate organisational document', 'following yearly remuneration', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'annual amount', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'meeting venue', 'HIAB CORPORATION', 'Tuesday 24 March', 'Finlandia Hall', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'financial statements', 'sustainability statement', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'short-term incentive', 'long-term incentive', 'technical nature', 'remuneration policy', 'assurance report', 'remuneration report', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'material changes', 'Other changes', 'shareholders’ rights', 'advance voting', 'section C', 'agenda items', 'fixed salary', 'advisory resolution', 'discussion event', ""Directors' report"", 'Directors’ report', 'Board members', 'dividend payment', '12 FEBRUARY', '8:25 AM', 'Notice', 'Veranda', 'Mannerheimintie', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'company', 'website', 'hiabgroup', 'agm26', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'management', 'English', 'connection', 'participants', 'Chapter', 'Information', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', '2 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'amendments', 'revision', 'percent', 'recommendation', '2:00', '12:30', '1:00', '1:30', '150', '130', '350']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54976,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236969/0/en/Orion-Group-Financial-Statement-Release-January-December-2025.html,Orion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2025,ORION CORPORATION FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 1–12/2025 12 FEBRUARY 2026 at 12:00 EET   Orion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2025 ...,"ORION CORPORATIONFINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 1–12/202512 FEBRUARY 2026 at 12:00 EETOrion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2025October–December 2025 HighlightsNet sales totalled EUR 695.3 (October–December 2024: 434.4) millionOperating profit was EUR 328.1 (92.7) millionBasic earnings per share were EUR 1.85 (0.52)Cash flow from operating activities per share was EUR 0.58 (0.63)The outlook for 2026 (provided on 14 January 2026): Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 900 million to EUR 2 100 million. Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 550 million to EUR 750 million.January–December 2025 HighlightsNet sales totalled EUR 1 889.5 (January–December 2024: 1 542.4) millionOperating profit was EUR 631.6 (416.6) millionBasic earnings per share were EUR 3.56 (2.35)Cash flow from operating activities per share was EUR 2.25 (2.09)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 1.80 (1.64) to be paid for 2025. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two instalments.Key figures10–12/25 10–12/24 Change % 1–12/25 1–12/24 Change % Net sales  EUR million 695.3 434.4 +60.1% 1 889.5 1 542.4 +22.5% EBITDA  EUR million 343.0 147.1 > 100 % 688.3 509.4 +35.1% % of net sales 49.3% 33.9% 36.4% 33.0% Operating profit  EUR million 328.1 92.7 > 100 % 631.6 416.6 +51.6% % of net sales 47.2% 21.3% 33.4% 27.0% Profit before taxes  EUR million 327.0 91.7 > 100 % 627.8 413.1 +52.0% % of net sales 47.0% 21.1% 33.2% 26.8% Profit for the period  EUR million 260.5 73.4 > 100 % 500.3 329.9 +51.7% % of net sales 37.5% 16.9% 26.5% 21.4% Research and development expenses  EUR million 70.6 62.5 +13.0% 210.4 179.6 +17.2% % of net sales 10.2% 14.4% 11.1% 11.6% Capital expenditure excluding acquired in business combination  EUR million 28.3 29.8 -5.2% 112.9 86.1 +31.0% % of net sales 4.1% 6.9% 6.0% 5.6% Acquired in business combination  net of cash  EUR million 4.0 > 100 % Interest-bearing net liabilities  EUR million 144.4 121.7 +18.7% Basic earnings per share  EUR 1.85 0.52 > 100 % 3.56 2.35 +51.5% Cash flow from operating activities per share  EUR 0.58 0.63 -7.5% 2.25 2.09 7.8% Equity ratio  % 64.1% 61.9% Gearing  % 11.2% 12.1% Return on capital employed (before taxes)  % 43.8% 34.9% Return on equity (after taxes)  % 43.7% 34.8% Average number of personnel during the period 4 003 3 712 +7.8%President and CEO Liisa Hurme:Another strong quarter  a great closure to a successful year 2025""In October–December 2025  our net sales increased by 60.1 percent to EUR 695.3 (434.4) million and operating profit increased more than threefold to EUR 328.1 (92.7) million. Underlying business developed very favourably and in addition the growth both in net sales and especially in operating profit was boosted by the EUR 180 million Nubeqa milestone. Excluding all milestones  our net sales increased by 18.5 percent to EUR 514.0 (433.9) million  and operating profit by 59.2 percent to EUR 146.8 (92.3) million.All of our largest business divisions continued the strong performance we have seen throughout the year. The Innovative Medicines business division more than doubled its net sales in Q4 thanks to the EUR 180 milestone and Nubeqa® sales. Nubeqa® has consistently exceeded expectations  and now we estimate that Orion's annual Nubeqa® net sales have the potential to exceed EUR 1 billion by the end of the current decade.Also the Branded Products  and the Generics and Consumer Health business divisions remained on a solid growth path. Both divisions have strong  high-quality portfolios  which developed well as a whole. The Animal Health business division’s sales continued on a good level.On the R&D front  our clinical development pipeline progressed further with the initiation of a phase 2 trial of ODM-212  which is a TEAD inhibitor  in December. This first trial focuses on rare cancers but we see a lot of potential with ODM-212 and its mode of action in various indications. Thus  we aim to expand the phase 2 program during 2026. Also  as planned  our partner Tenax initiated a second phase 3 trial with levosimendan for pulmonary hypertension in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.Overall  Orion delivered a very strong performance in 2025  with solid financial results and clear progress in executing our strategy. We took a significant step forward in strengthening our biologics R&D by establishing an R&D center in Cambridge  England. We have also strengthened our US unit with key recruitments and moved our office from New York to Boston  which is a leading biotech hub.Due to Nubeqa’s strong performance and outlook  we gave financial outlook for 2026 already in January. We are expecting another very strong year  during which we will continue our determined work to build well-being and Orion’s future.”Proposal by the Board of Directors of Orion Corporation to the Annual General Meeting 2026 on the resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendOrion Corporation’s distributable funds at 31 December 2025 are EUR 853 045 368.34  of which the profit for the financial year is EUR 482 748 629.26. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation to be held on 24 March 2026 that a dividend of EUR 1.80 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2025. No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares held by the Company on the record date for dividend payment.According to the proposal  the dividend would be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.90 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  26 March 2026  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the first instalment would be paid on 2 April 2026. The second instalment of EUR 0.90 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  20 October 2026  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the second instalment would be paid on 27 October 2026.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 500 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors. Any remaining distributable funds would be allocated to retained earnings.There have been no material changes in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.Outlook for 2026 (provided on 14 January 2026)Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 900 million to EUR 2 100 million.Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 550 million to EUR 750 million.Basis for outlookCollaboration agreements with other pharmaceutical companies are an integral part of Orion’s business model. Agreements often include payments recorded in net sales and operating profit that vary greatly from year to year. Forecasting the timing and amount of these payments is difficult. In some cases  they are conditional on terms such as R&D outcomes which are not known until studies have been completed  the progress of R&D projects or the attainment of specified sales levels. Regarding possible new contracts under negotiation  neither the outcome nor the schedule of contract negotiations is generally known before the final signing of the agreement.In 2025  Orion booked one material milestone of EUR 180 million. The outlook for 2026 does not include any material milestone payments.Milestone payments received by Orion in 2021–2025Year 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 EUR million 3 234 32 134 183The outlook does not include income  expenses or other impacts related to any future material product or company acquisition or divestment.Net salesThe outlook assumes that the Nubeqa® royalties and product sales booked by Orion will increase clearly in 2026. Orion’s assumption is based on forecasts received from its partner Bayer. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of product sales and royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year. In addition  some risk of tariff impact in the US is included in the outlook range.The Branded Products business division is estimated to grow in 2026. Growth is anticipated to be driven by the Respiratory therapy area and the Easyhaler® product portfolio  but also other therapy areas and products are expected to grow. The Animal Health business division is anticipated to grow slightly  with growth coming from various products. The net sales of the Generics and Consumer Health business division are estimated to be at a similar level or slightly higher than in 2025.Operating profitThe underlying operating profit growth  i.e. excluding material milestones  is expected to be driven by increasing net sales and especially Nubeqa® royalties. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year. Any variance from the predicted level can have a notable impact on Orion’s operating profit. Also  the mechanism by which each quarter’s product deliveries are always fully deducted from the next quarter’s royalty payments causes fluctuation in operating profit. Even though this impact on operating profit is only temporary  the timing of product deliveries may have notable impact on Orion’s operating profit in one calendar year. Significant part of Orion’s Nubeqa® income is coming from the United States and thus changes in the US dollar exchange rate cause fluctuations in Orion’s operating profit.Research and development costs  and in particular their timing  can also cause fluctuations in operating profit. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised. Orion estimates that R&D costs in 2026 will increase from 2025.Sales and marketing expenses are expected to increase in 2026. Expenses are increased by additional investments in the sale of the current product portfolio  and Nubeqa® royalty payable as per an agreement with Endo Pharmaceuticals.Capital expenditureThe Group’s total capital expenditure in 2026 is not expected to have any significant changes compared to 2025. The estimate of capital expenditure does not include any investments related to any future material product or company acquisition.Near-term risks and uncertaintiesOrion is exposed to risks that may arise from its operations or changes in the operating environment. The most significant risk factors described below can potentially have an adverse effect on Orion’s business operations  financial position or financial results. Other risks  which are currently either unknown or considered immaterial to Orion may  however  become material in the future.Orion’s own production and other operations are exposed to risks that may materially disrupt their operations or even interrupt them at least temporarily. Such risks include  for example  accidents  damages  natural disasters  strikes  employee illness  conflicts  terrorism  cyber-attacks  hybrid influence  disruption of information or communication systems  disruption of energy supply  and disruption of supply and logistics chains. Orion’s production and business operations are dependent on global supply and logistics chains  the inaction of which may lead to low availability of finished products and raw materials  starting materials  semi-finished products  supplies  equipment and spare parts needed in production.Sales of individual products and also Orion’s sales in individual markets may vary  for example depending on the extent to which the ever-tougher price and other competition prevailing in pharmaceutical markets in recent years will specifically focus on Orion’s products. Changes in pharmaceutical or other regulation in individual markets or more broadly  for example at EU level  may affect the sales and profitability of Orion’s products. Changes in overall market demand may also have negative impact on sales. New tariffs or other possible customs duties on Orion’s products may negatively affect the sales and profitability of Orion’s products. The details of the US pharmaceutical tariffs  their implementation and their impact on Orion still remain unclear.Product deliveries to key partners are based on timetables that are jointly agreed in advance. Nevertheless  they can change  for example as a consequence of decisions concerning adjustments of stock levels. In addition  changes in market prices and exchange rates affect the value of deliveries.Key currencies that carry an exchange rate risk for Orion are the US dollar  the Swedish krona and the Polish zloty. Other significant currencies are the Danish krone and the Norwegian krone. However  the overall effect of the risk arising from currencies of European countries will be abated by the fact that Orion has organisations of its own in most European countries  which means that in addition to sales income there are also costs in these currencies.The current geopolitical conflicts and unrest  and other challenges in the global supply and logistics chains of pharmaceuticals have increased the already elevated risk of supply disruptions. The possible rise of raw material prices and other supply chain costs deteriorates the profitability of Orion’s products  since in the pharmaceutical industry it is very difficult to pass on cost increases to the prices of own products  especially prescription medicines  particularly in Europe. If high cost inflation occurs  it will pose a risk to Orion’s profitability.Authorities and key customers in different countries carry out regular and detailed inspections of drug development and manufacturing at Orion’s sites. Any remedial actions that may be required may at least temporarily have effects that decrease delivery reliability and increase costs. Orion’s product range also contains products manufactured by other pharmaceutical companies and products that Orion manufactures on its own but for which other companies supply active pharmaceutical or other ingredients and components or parts (among these the Easyhaler® products). Possible problems related to the delivery reliability or quality of the products of those manufacturers may cause a risk to Orion’s delivery reliability. The single-channel system used for pharmaceuticals distribution in Finland  in which Orion’s products have been delivered to customers through only one wholesaler  may also cause risks to delivery reliability.Research projects always entail uncertainty factors that may either increase or decrease estimated costs. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected having an impact on predicted costs within an individual year. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised.Collaboration arrangements are an important component of Orion’s business model. Possible collaboration and licensing agreements related to these arrangements also often include payments to be recorded in net sales that may materially affect Orion’s financial results. The payments may be subject to conditions relating to the progress of research projects or sales or to new contracts to be signed  and whether these conditions or contracts materialise and what their timing is  will always entail uncertainties. The upfront and milestone payments paid by Orion to its collaborators  which are recorded as investments in intangible assets in balance sheet  include write-down risk that may be realised if  for example  a collaborative research project fails or otherwise has to be discontinued.Webcast and Conference CallA webcast and a conference call for analysts  investors and media representatives will be held on Thursday  12 February 2026 at 14.00 EET.A link to the live webcast is available on Orion's website at www.orionpharma.com/investors . A recording of the event will be available on the website later the same day.Conference call can be joined by registering through the following link: https://events.inderes.com/orion/q4-2025/dial-in .Phone numbers and the conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration. In case you would like to ask a question during the conference  please dial *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the question queue.Questions can also be presented in writing through the question form of the webcast.Upcoming eventsAnnual General Meeting planned to be held Tuesday 24 March 2026 Interim Report January–March 2026 Thursday 23 April 2026 Half-Year Financial Report January–June 2026 Friday 17 July 2026 Interim Report January–September 2026 Wednesday 28 October 2026The Financial Statements and the Report by the Board of Directors for 2025 will be published on the Company’s website at the latest in week 10/2026.Espoo  12 February 2026Board of Directors of Orion CorporationFor additional information about the report:Tuukka Hirvonen  Head of Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 426 2721 or +358 50 966 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttps://www.orionpharma.comOrion is a globally operating Nordic pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being for over a hundred years. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. In 2025 Orion’s net sales amounted to EUR 1 890 million and the company employs about 4 000 professionals worldwide  dedicated to building well-being. Orion’s A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.23,0.14,True,English,"['Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'December', 'The Innovative Medicines business division', 'The Animal Health business division', 'Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'Consumer Health business divisions', 'EUR 180 million Nubeqa milestone', 'annual Nubeqa® net sales', 'Annual General Meeting', 'solid financial results', 'CEO Liisa Hurme', 'R&D front', 'biologics R&D', 'R&D center', 'leading biotech hub', 'largest business divisions', 'clinical development pipeline', 'Interest-bearing net liabilities', 'strong, high-quality portfolios', 'solid growth path', 'second phase 3 trial', 'January–December 2025 Highlights', 'The Board', 'business combination', 'EUR 180 milestone', 'phase 2 trial', 'financial outlook', 'development expenses', 'Nubeqa® sales', 'first trial', 'phase 2 program', 'strong quarter', 'strong performance', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'Basic earnings', 'operating activities', 'two instalments', 'Key figures', 'Average number', 'great closure', 'current decade', 'Branded Products', 'good level', 'TEAD inhibitor', 'rare cancers', 'various indications', 'pulmonary hypertension', 'heart failure', 'ejection fraction', 'clear progress', 'significant step', 'US unit', 'key recruitments', 'New York', 'determined work', 'Balance Sheet', 'distributable funds', 'strong year', 'Cash flow', 'successful year', 'Operating profit', 'Capital expenditure', 'Equity ratio', 'before taxes', 'October–December', '14 January', '31 December', '12 FEBRUARY', '12:00 EET', 'share', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'EBITDA', 'period', 'Research', 'Gearing', 'Return', 'personnel', 'President', '60.1 percent', 'Underlying', 'addition', 'milestones', '18.5 percent', '59.2 percent', 'Q4', 'expectations', 'potential', 'Generics', 'initiation', 'ODM-212', 'lot', 'mode', 'partner', 'Tenax', 'levosimendan', 'strategy', 'Cambridge', 'England', 'office', 'Boston', 'well-being', 'future', 'Proposal', 'resolution', 'use', 'distribution', '100']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3237537/0/en/Execution-of-a-175-million-euro-share-buyback-agreement.html,Execution of a 175 million euro share buyback agreement,Execution of a 175 million euro share buyback agreement  Paris – February 12  2026 – Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] appointed as of...,Execution of a 175 million euro share buyback agreementParis – February 12  2026 – Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] appointed as of today  an Investment Services Provider to implement a program for the acquisition of its own shares  for a maximum amount of 175 million euros.The purpose of this program is to satisfy the obligations arising under the existing free share long-term incentive plans in favor of its employees  without issuing new shares.This program will begin on February 13  2026  and will end no later than April 10  2026.This program will be executed in accordance with the terms of the authorization as granted by the Shareholders’ General Meeting of May 27 2025 under its 17th resolution.The description of the share repurchase program authorized by the 2025 Shareholders’ General Meeting is available in the 2024 Universal Registration Document (section 8.3.3) published here on the Groupe website.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 114 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | X: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Carla Foucaud Investor Relations + 44 20 7830 3710 carla.foucaud@publicisgroupe.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.6,0.39,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['175 million euro share buyback agreement', 'Execution', 'existing free share long-term incentive plans', '175 million euro share buyback agreement', 'Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations', 'Carla Foucaud Investor Relations', 'share repurchase program', 'Investment Services Provider', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'four main activities', 'Amy Hadfield Director', 'digital business transformation', 'Contacts Publicis Groupe', '175 million euros', 'michel.bonamy', 'marketing transformation', 'Groupe website', 'The Groupe', 'maximum amount', '17th resolution', 'The Power', 'global leader', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'Global Communications', 'clients’ transformation', 'new shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'ten expertise', 'Execution', 'February', 'CAC', 'today', 'acquisition', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'favor', 'employees', 'April', 'accordance', 'terms', 'authorization', 'May', 'description', 'section', 'step', 'consulting', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Media', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '114,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Difference', 'Attachment']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236867/0/en/Flow-Traders-4Q-and-FY-2025-Results.html,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2025 Results,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2025 Results  Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 4Q and FY 2025 results. ...,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2025 ResultsAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 4Q and FY 2025 results.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Net Trading Income of €123.8m and Total Income of €121.0m in 4Q25  a decrease of 20% and 24% when compared to 4Q24  respectively. For full year 2025  Net Trading Income came in at €485.8m and Total Income at €480.5m  increases of 4% and 0% year-on-year  respectively.Flow Traders’ ETP Value Traded increased by 22% in 4Q25 to €516bn in 4Q24. Full year Flow Traders’ ETP Value Traded increased by 26% year-on-year to €1 940b.Fixed Operating Expenses were €52.4m in the quarter  an increase of 17% when compared to 4Q24  due mostly to increased Employee and Technology expenses. Full year  Fixed Operating Expenses totaled €204.1m  an increase of 15% year-on-year.Total Operating Expenses were €71.8m in 4Q25  a decrease of 6% when compared to 4Q24  due mostly to lower Variable employee expenses. Full year Total Operating Expenses were €281.6m  an increase of 7% year-on-year.EBITDA was €49.2m in the quarter  a decrease of 41% when compared to 4Q24. EBITDA margin was 41% in 4Q25 vs. 52% in 4Q24. Full year EBITDA came in at €198.9m  an 8% decrease year-on-year.Net Profit came in at €35.1 in 4Q25  yielding a basic and diluted EPS of €0.81 and €0.78 respectively  compared to a Net Profit of €63.2m  basic EPS of €1.47 and diluted EPS of €1.42 in 4Q24. Full year Net Profit came in at €133.6m  a 16% decrease year-on-year  with basic EPS of €3.07 and diluted EPS of €2.98.Trading Capital stood at €1 044m at the end of 4Q25  a 35% increase from €775m at the end of 4Q24 and generated 53% Return on average trading capital 1 .. Shareholders’ equity was €868m at the end of 4Q25  compared to €767m at the end of 4Q24 and €834m at the end of 3Q25.Flow Traders employed 635 FTEs at the end of 4Q25  compared to 609 at the end of 4Q24 and 622 at the end of 3Q25.Financial Overview€million 4Q25 4Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Net trading income 123.8 153.8 -20% 485.8 467.8 4% Other income (2.8) 5.1 -156% -5.3 11.5 -146% Total income 121.0 159.0 -24% 480.5 479.3 0% Revenue by region2 Europe 76.9 86.9 -12% 281.7 274.1 3% Americas 20.2 18.2 11% 76.8 93.6 -18% Asia 23.9 53.9 -56% 122.0 111.6 9% Fixed employee expenses 25.7 20.2 27% 97.3 81.6 19% Technology expenses 18.5 16.9 9% 70.6 66.6 6% Other expenses 8.2 7.7 7% 36.3 28.7 26% Fixed operating expenses 52.4 44.8 17% 204.1 177.0 15% Variable employee expenses 19.4 31.5 -38% 77.4 85.3 -9% Total operating expenses 71.8 76.3 -6% 281.6 262.2 7% EBITDA 49.2 82.6 -41% 198.9 217.1 -8% Interest expenses 3.1 0.5 538% 4.4 1.1 300% Lease expenses 0.5 0.5 -14% 1.9 2.2 -15% Depreciation & amortisation 4.2 4.6 -9% 18.1 17.4 4% (Reversal of) Impairment of intangible assets 2.4 - 100% 10.7 - 100% Profit/(loss) on equity-accounted investments 4.5 (0.1) -3395% 0.8 -2.0 -142% Profit before tax 43.5 76.9 -43% 164.6 194.4 -15% Tax expense 8.4 13.7 -39% 31.1 34.8 -11% Net profit 35.1 63.2 -44% 133.6 159.5 -16% Basic EPS3 (€) 0.81 1.47 -45% 3.07 3.69 -17% Fully diluted EPS4 (€) 0.78 1.42 -45% 2.98 3.56 -16% EBITDA margin 41% 52% 41% 45%Revenue by Region€million 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 Europe 42.6 68.4 48.6 70.2 86.9 79.9 78.7 46.3 76.9 Americas 18.1 41.3 13.4 20.8 18.2 11.4 30.2 14.9 20.2 Asia 13.6 19.9 14.2 23.6 53.8 43.7 35.1 19.2 23.9Value Traded Overview€billion 4Q25 4Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 516 424 22% 1 940 1 545 26% Europe 241 195 24% 890 655 36% Americas 240 193 24% 898 776 16% Asia 35 36 -3% 152 114 34% Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 242 1 233 1% 4 762 4 703 1% Flow Traders Value Traded 1 757 1 657 6% 6 702 6 248 7% Equity 965 809 19% 3 455 3 217 7% FICC 723 783 -8% 2 913 2 816 3% Other 69 64 7% 335 214 56% Market ETP Value Traded5 20 724 13 190 57% 68 915 47 933 44% Europe 860 725 19% 3 294 2 518 31% Americas 15 620 9 954 57% 52 562 38 545 36% Asia 4 243 2 510 69% 13 059 6 871 90% Asia ex China 789 582 36% 2 751 2 020 36%Trading Capital1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 Trading Capital (€m) 609 624 668 775 803 831 848 1 044 Return on Avg Trading Capital1 50% 58% 62% 69% 68% 75% 68% 53% Average VIX6 13.9 14.2 17.1 17.3 18.5 23.6 16.0 17.8Market EnvironmentEuropeIn Equity  European exchange operators Euronext  Deutsche Börse and the London Stock Exchange saw increases in trading volumes in the fourth quarter both when compared to the same period a year ago as well as when compared to the third quarter. Average volatility was relatively flat both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.Within Fixed Income  market trading volumes were flat to slightly up in the quarter both when compared to the same period a year ago as well as when compared to the third quarter.AmericasEquity trading volumes on both the Nasdaq and NYSE also increased both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. Average volatility was flat year-on-year but increased slightly quarter-on-quarterIn Fixed Income  market trading volumes decreased quarter-on-quarter but increased year-over-year. Average volatility declined both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.AsiaEquity trading volumes trends were mixed as the Hong Kong and Shanghai Stock Exchange saw increases year-on-year but declines quarter-on-quarter  while the Tokyo Stock Exchange saw increases both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. Average volatility in Hong Kong declined significantly year-on-year  given the significant market volatility that occurred in October of last year  and was relatively flat quarter-on-quarter. Average volatility in Tokyo increased both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.Digital AssetsWithin Digital Assets  trading volumes in Bitcoin  the barometer of the industry  increased slightly both compared to 3Q25 and 4Q24  whereas spot volumes across all tokens declined over both periods. Average volatility in Bitcoin declined year-on-year but increased quarter-on-quarter.OutlookFixed operating expenses for the year 2026 are expected to be €220-230m  driven by continued technology investments  talent additions to support growth initiatives  and inflationary pressures. This excludes interest on the private credit facility  which will be part of Interest Expenses.CEO StatementThomas Spitz  CEO“Following a fourth quarter marked by stronger market activity and continued growth across the global ETP ecosystem  Flow Traders delivered a solid finish to the year. Trading conditions were more constructive than in the preceding quarter  with higher ETP value traded and increased activity across several asset classes. This supported a robust EBITDA margin of 41% for both the quarter and the full year  alongside FY25 Net Profit of €133.6m and EPS of €3.07. Despite lower market volatility compared to 4Q24  our diversified trading setup allowed us to capture opportunities globally and deliver consistent results.In 2025  we advanced strategic initiatives to reinforce our global ETP leadership and drive the convergence of digital and traditional finance. We expanded our investments in intelligent system management for our trading infrastructure and are accelerating the deployment of AI supported analytics to drive trading efficiencies. We continue investing in research engineering and are deploying a dedicated Deep Learning initiative applied to trading strategies. This will also support building our quantitative capabilities in short- and mid-term trading.To support this  we attracted thought leaders and experienced talent in the field of technology and AI and anticipate to continue strengthening our leadership in trading  quant and technology through 2026.We also broadened our footprint in Asia and have just launched our operations to begin actively trading China markets which is an attractive growth segment aligned with our core ETP strength.Momentum in the convergence between traditional finance and digital assets remains strong. 2025 was a turning point following the 2024 launches of ETPs related to cryptocurrencies. We are now seeing traditional market participants (Banks  Asset Managers  Funds) developing new offerings  opening new trading partnerships and opportunities for Flow Traders.We are particularly excited about the developments of real-world asset tokenisation as it combines Flow Traders’ expertise on the ETP and digital asset side. Tokenization is the new “ETP moment ” and we expect this to develop as a stand-alone asset class.To enable this  we are uniting our Cash Equity and Tokenized Markets trading efforts and are accelerating our investment capabilities in this space. We are convinced that  combined with our wide network of institutional relationships built over 20 years in the ETP space  these initiatives will help us further strengthen our partnerships  and drive the growth we are anticipating in these markets.Additionally  we are also happy to have signed a strategic partnership with Dinari to provide 24/7 trading of tokenized U.S. equities.To share more details on our vision  ambitions and expansion plans  we will be hosting a Capital Markets Day before our next AGM.Overall  across my interactions with colleagues and stakeholders during the quarter  I continue to be impressed by the talent  collaboration  and ambition across our global teams. The energy and alignment behind our growth agenda give me great confidence as we invest into 2026.”Preliminary Financial Calendar24 April 2026 1Q26 Trading UpdateAnalyst Conference Call and WebcastThe 4Q FY 2025 results analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CET on Thursday  12 February 2026. The presentation can be downloaded at https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.Eric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market maker and has leveraged its expertise in trading European equity ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX globally. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With over two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.NotesReturn on average trading capital defined as LTM NTI divided by the average of the prior and current end of period trading capital. Revenue by region includes NTI  Other Income  and inter-company revenue. Weighted average shares outstanding: 4Q25 - 43 567 497; 4Q24 - 43 066 302. Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employees. Source - Flow Traders analysis. Starting in 3Q24  average VIX is calculated as the average of VIX daily closing prices.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.All results published in this release are unaudited.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Flow Traders 4Q', 'FY 2025 Results', 'billion 4Q25 4Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Flow Traders ETP Value', '1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 Trading Capital', '1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 2Q25 3Q25 4Q25 Europe', 'Full year Flow Traders’ ETP Value', 'Full year Total Operating Expenses', 'lower Variable employee expenses', 'Market ETP Value', 'Value Traded Overview', 'Flow Traders Ltd', 'Flow Traders 4Q', 'average trading capital', 'Avg Trading Capital1', 'European exchange operators', 'Deutsche Börse', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Fixed Operating Expenses', 'Fixed employee expenses', 'In Fixed Income', 'Net Trading Income', 'Market Environment Europe', 'Equity trading volumes', 'Full year EBITDA', 'Total Income', 'Technology expenses', 'Interest expenses', 'Lease expenses', 'unaudited 4Q', 'Financial Overview', 'Other expenses', 'Average VIX6', 'Average volatility', 'Other income', 'Net Profit', 'FY 2025 Results', 'intangible assets', 'equity-accounted investments', 'same period', 'EBITDA margin', 'diluted EPS', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'Basic EPS3', 'Tax expense', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Highlights', 'decrease', 'increases', 'end', '35% increase', '53% Return', '635 FTEs', 'Revenue', 'region2', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'Reversal', 'Impairment', 'loss', 'EPS4', 'FICC', 'China', '44 Return', 'Nasdaq', 'NYSE']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236839/0/en/Ipsen-delivers-strong-results-in-2025-driven-by-solid-execution-across-all-therapeutic-areas-and-provides-2026-guidance.html,Ipsen delivers strong results in 2025  driven by solid execution across all therapeutic areas  and provides 2026 guidance,PARIS  FRANCE  12 February 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its financial results for the full year (FY) 2025 and for the fourth quarter of 2025.,FY 2025 sales growth of 10.9% at CER 1   or 8.1% as reported  driven by growth of the three therapeutic areas of Oncology (4.1% 1 )  Rare Disease (102.5% 1 ) and Neuroscience (9.7% 1 ); Somatuline® sales growth of 4.3% 1   with all other products  excluding Somatuline  achieving double-digit sales growth of 14.2% 1  or 8.1% as reported  driven by growth of the three therapeutic areas of Oncology (4.1% )  Rare Disease (102.5% ) and Neuroscience (9.7% ); Somatuline® sales growth of 4.3%   with all other products  excluding Somatuline  achieving double-digit sales growth of 14.2% FY 2025 core operating income of €1 294m  growing by 16.7% as reported  with a core operating margin of 35.2% of total sales  increasing by 2.6 points2025 continued pipeline expansion  driven by significant regulatory and clinical milestones  integration of multiple preclinical assets with global rights and innovative approaches  and a mid-stage candidate from the acquisition of ImCheck TherapeuticsFive major regulatory and clinical milestones expected in 2026  in addition to the full data readout for IPN10200 in an aesthetics indicationFinancial guidance2 for 2026 including total sales growth greater than 13.0%3 at CER  assuming an acceleration of our portfolio excluding Somatuline as well as the growth of Somatuline due to generic lanreotide production challenges  and core operating margin greater than 35.0% of total salesPARIS  FRANCE  12 February 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents its financial results for the full year (FY) 2025 and for the fourth quarter of 2025.Extract of consolidated results4 for FY25 and FY24FY 2025 FY 2024 % change €m €m Actual CER Total Sales 3 675.9 3 400.6 8.1 % 10.9 % Core Operating Income 1 294.1 1 109.4 16.7 % Core operating margin 35.2 % 32.6 % +2.6pts Core Consolidated Net Profit 1 009.1 857.8 17.6 % Core earnings per share (fully diluted) €12.09 €10.27 17.8 % IFRS Operating Income 625.9 496.7 26.0 % IFRS operating margin 17.0 % 14.6 % +2.4pts IFRS Consolidated Net Profit 444.5 347.3 28.0 % IFRS earnings per share (fully diluted) €5.32 €4.15 28.3 % Free Cash Flow 1 000.6 774.4 29.2 % Closing net cash/(debt) 559.9 160.3 n/a“In 2025  Ipsen delivered strong sales and profit growth ” said David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen. “We continued to execute across all three therapeutic areas  with a notable performance from Iqirvo. We have advanced multiple pipeline programs and further strengthened our innovation engine through targeted business development  including the acquisition of Imcheck Therapeutics. We also achieved promising proof-of-concept for IPN10200  our first-in-class differentiated long-acting recombinant molecule.We are expecting another year of double-digit sales growth for 2026  supported by accelerated performance across the entire portfolio and a better outlook for Somatuline given the production challenges faced by generic competition. We anticipate five regulatory and clinical milestones this year and to further deliver on our external innovation strategy.”Full-year 2026 guidance and mid-term outlookIpsen has set for FY 2026 the following financial guidance:Total sales growth greater than 13.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in January 2026  an adverse effect on total sales of around 2% of currencies is expectedCore operating margin greater than 35.0% of total sales  which includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunitiesGuidance on total sales and core operating margin is assuming accelerated sales growth of the portfolio excluding Somatuline and the growth of Somatuline sales due to generic lanreotide challenges. It excludes any impact from potential late-stage (Phase III clinical development or later) business development transactions.As part of its ongoing review of long-term assumptions including competitive intensity and product lifecycle considerations  Ipsen no longer expects to achieve the €500m peak sales for Onivyde and Tazverik.Based on higher expected Somatuline sales due to continued generic lanreotide production challenges and the performance of the broader portfolio  Ipsen is highly confident on its 2027 mid-term outlook to exceed the total-sales average growth5 of at least 7% per year for the period 2023-27 and core operating margin in 2027 of at least 32%6 of total sales.Pipeline progressDuring 2025  Ipsen achieved a number of important regulatory and clinical milestones across its portfolio  reflecting continued advancement of its pipeline across the three therapeutic areas.In the first quarter of 2025  the regulatory filing for tovorafenib  an oral  type II RAF-kinase inhibitor for pediatric low-grade glioma  was accepted for review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA).In May 2025  Ipsen presented Phase II data from the ELMWOOD study of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Congress  demonstrating a favorable safety profile and dose-dependent efficacy over 12 weeks in people living with primary sclerosing cholangitis  a condition with high unmet medical need.In July 2025  the European Commission approved Cabometyx® (cabozantinib) for the treatment of previously treated advanced neuroendocrine tumors (NETs)  based on positive results from the Phase III CABINET trial.In September 2025  positive Phase II data from the LANTIC trial in aesthetics were reported  demonstrating a differentiated  long-acting clinical profile for IPN10200. During the year  Ipsen also initiated a Phase II study of IPN10200 in cervical dystonia  representing the fourth clinical study in the development plan of the global long-acting recombinant molecule across therapeutic and aesthetic indications.In December 2025  Ipsen announced that the pivotal Phase II FALKON trial of fidrisertib in fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) did not meet its primary endpoint and that the study was subsequently closed; fidrisertib was generally well-tolerated  with no safety concerns identified.In addition  Ipsen initiated multiple Phase I oncology studies across IPN01195  a RAF inhibitor  the antibody-drug conjugate IPN60300 and the T-cell activator IPN01203  further strengthening its targeted oncology pipeline.External innovationIn December 2025  Ipsen expanded its immuno-oncology portfolio with the acquisition of ImCheck Therapeutics  a biotechnology company developing next-generation immuno-oncology therapies including IPN60340 (ICT01)  a first-in-class monoclonal antibody targeting BTN3A  currently in Phase I/II development  with a Phase IIb/III study planned to start in 2026. IPN60340 has the potential to be a new standard of care in combination in first line unfit acute myeloid leukemia  an aggressive blood cancer affecting older adults.Interim data orally presented at the annual American Society of Clinical Oncology 2025 from the Phase I/II EVICTION trial showed treatment with ICT01 in combination with venetoclax and azacitidine (Ven-Aza) achieved very encouraging high responses. In this single-arm trial  treatment response nearly doubled relative to those seen in historical standard-of-care data across all molecular subtypes in newly diagnosed patients including sub-types typically less responsive to standard-of-care (Ven-Aza). In January 2026  Ipsen also announced that IPN60340 received U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation in first-line unfit acute myeloid leukemia.In December 2025  Ipsen further strengthened its oncology and early-stage pipeline through two additional targeted business development and research collaborations. Ipsen entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Simcere Zaiming for rights outside Greater China to SIM0613  an antibody–drug conjugate (ADC) targeting LRRC15. Ipsen also announced a new research collaboration and option agreement with the Université de Montréal and IRICoR  encompassing two discovery-stage programs focused on novel inhibition of pathways complementary to the MAP kinase pathway.2026 Upcoming MilestonesIpsen anticipates several key milestones across its portfolio in 2026  including:Tovorafenib (FIREFLY-1) - European regulatory decision for pediatric low-grade gliomaBylvay (BOLD) - Readout of pivotal Phase III in biliary atresiaIqirvo (ELSPIRE) - Readout of pivotal Phase III in primary biliary cholangitisDysport (BEOND) - Readout of pivotal Phase III trials in chronic and episodic migraineIPN10200 (LANTIC) - Readout of Phase II in lateral canthal lines and forehead linesThese milestones reinforce Ipsen’s commitment to advancing innovative therapies and expanding treatment options for patients worldwide.Full data from the Phase II LANTIC study of IPN10200  which demonstrated a positive first-in-class  differentiated long-acting clinical profile enabling the initiation of Phase III  are expected to be presented in the first half of 2026 at an upcoming congress.Galderma arbitrationIn January 2026  the Arbitral Tribunal of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) issued a final decision in favor of Ipsen  dismissing the claim brought by Galderma in connection with Ipsen’s termination of the R&D agreement. The Tribunal confirmed Ipsen’s full rights to its clinical-stage toxin programs in the aesthetics field  including IPN10200. Ipsen continues to assess all options to maximize the value of its long-acting program.Environmental  Social and GovernanceIpsen took important steps in 2025 to deliver its ambitious sustainability strategy  continuing to embed sustainability across its operations and decision-making. From reducing its environmental footprint to advancing patient access and strengthening its workplace culture  Ipsen reinforced its commitment to delivering progress for patients  employees  communities  and the planet.Ipsen made good progress across multiple environmental targets  including:54% reduction in Scopes 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions (vs. a 2019 baseline)16% reduction in Scope 3  fully in line with our 2030 targets (vs. a 2019 baseline)100% of Ipsen’s global electricity now comes from renewable sources55% of the company fleet now comprised of electric vehicles as of 2025 through the Fleet for Future ProjectIpsen received an A rating from CDP for our best-practice environmental actions and transparency  and for demonstrating our comprehensive understanding of environmental dependencies  risks  and opportunities.Ipsen is proud to be one of the first biopharmaceutical companies to achieve full gender parity within the Executive Leadership Team  and with women now representing 53% of the Global Leadership Team.Consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements on 11 February 2026. The consolidated financial statements have been audited  and the Statutory Auditors’ report is in the process of being published. Ipsen’s comprehensive audited financial statements will be available on ipsen.com in due course  under the Reports and Accounts tab in the Investor Relations section.Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 2pm CET. Participants can access the webcast here . Analysts can join the call and ask questions by registering here .CalendarIpsen intends to publish its Q1 2026 sales on April 23rd  2026.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions (€m)  unless otherwise noted. The performance shown in this announcement covers the twelve-month period to 31 December 2025 (FY 2025) and the three-month period to 31 December 2025 (Q4 2025)  compared to the twelve-month period to 31 December 2024 (FY 2024) and the three-month period to 31 December 2024 (Q4 2024)  respectively  unless stated otherwise. The commentary is based on the performance in FY 2025  unless stated otherwise.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .Ipsen Contacts Investors Henry Wheeler henry.wheeler@ipsen.com +33 7 66 47 11 49 Khalid Deojee khalid.deojee@ipsen.com +33 6 66 01 95 26 Media Sally Bain sally.bain@ipsen.com +1 857 320 0517 Anne Liontas anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.com +33 7 67 34 72 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation and risks arising from unexpected regulatory or political changes such as changes in tax regulation and regulations on trade and tariffs  such as protectionist measures  especially in the United States; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 At constant exchange rates (CER)  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.2 Excluding any impact from potential late-stage (Phase III clinical development or later) external-innovation transactions.3 Based on the average level of exchange rates in January 2026  an adverse impact on total sales of around 2% from currencies is expected.4 Extract of consolidated results. The Company’s auditors performed an audit of the consolidated financial statements.5 CAGR 2023-2027 at constant exchange rates.6 Excluding any impact from potential late-stage (Phase III clinical development or later) external-innovation transactions.Attachment,neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,negative,0.0,0.46,0.54,True,English,"['strong results', 'solid execution', 'therapeutic areas', 'Ipsen', '2026 guidance', 'oral, type II RAF-kinase inhibitor', 'differentiated long-acting recombinant molecule', 'additional R&D expenses', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'later) business development transactions', 'generic lanreotide production challenges', 'Phase III clinical development', 'Core Consolidated Net Profit', 'IFRS Consolidated Net Profit', '14.2% FY 2025 core operating income', 'Actual CER Total Sales', 'Phase II data', 'generic lanreotide challenges', 'IFRS Operating Income', 'core operating margin', 'IFRS operating margin', 'three therapeutic areas', 'multiple preclinical assets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'product lifecycle considerations', 'pediatric low-grade glioma', 'favorable safety profile', '€500m peak sales', 'full data readout', 'Free Cash Flow', 'external innovation strategy', 'mid-stage external-innovation opportunities', 'total-sales average growth5', 'European Medicines Agency', 'multiple pipeline programs', 'double-digit sales growth', '2025 continued pipeline expansion', 'Five major regulatory', 'following financial guidance', 'total sales growth', 'FY 2025 sales growth', 'Somatuline® sales growth', 'net cash', 'profit growth', 'consolidated results4', 'generic competition', 'Core earnings', 'global rights', 'IFRS earnings', 'five regulatory', 'strong sales', 'mid-stage candidate', 'innovation engine', 'average level', 'continued advancement', 'European Association', 'clinical milestones', 'Financial guidance2', 'financial results', 'Pipeline progress', 'significant regulatory', 'important regulatory', 'regulatory filing', 'Somatuline sales', 'Rare Disease', 'other products', 'innovative approaches', 'ImCheck Therapeutics', 'aesthetics indication', 'fourth quarter', 'FY 2024 % change', 'David Loew', 'promising proof', 'Full-year 2026 guidance', 'constant currency', 'exchange rates', 'adverse effect', 'potential late-stage', 'long-term assumptions', 'competitive intensity', 'first quarter', 'EASL) Congress', 'full year', 'mid-term outlook', 'ongoing review', 'ELMWOOD study', 'entire portfolio', 'broader portfolio', 'notable performance', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', '2.6 points', 'integration', 'acquisition', 'IPN10200', 'acceleration', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '12 February', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Extract', 'FY25', 'FY24', 'share', 'debt', 'Iqirvo', 'concept', 'class', 'accelerated', 'January', 'currencies', 'early', 'impact', 'part', 'Onivyde', 'Tazverik', 'higher', 'period', 'number', 'tovorafenib', 'EMA', 'May', 'elafibranor', 'Liver', '10.']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236898/0/en/CMB-TECH-ANNOUNCES-Q4-2025-RESULTS-ON-26-02-2026.html,CMB.TECH ANNOUNCES Q4 2025 RESULTS ON 26/02/2026,Antwerp  Feb. 12  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) will release its fourth quarter 2025 earnings prior to market opening on Thursday 26 February 2026 and will host a conference call at 8 …,"Antwerp  Feb. 12  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) will release its fourth quarter 2025 earnings prior to market opening on Thursday 26 February 2026 and will host a conference call at 8 a.m. EST / 2 p.m. CET to discuss the results for the quarter.The call will be a webcast with an accompanying slideshow. You can find the details of this conference call below and on the “Investor Relations” page of the website. The presentation  recording & transcript will also be available on this page.Webcast Information Event Type: Audio webcast with user-controlled slide presentation Event Date: 26 February 2026 Event Time: 8 a.m. EST / 2 p.m. CET Event Title: “Q4 2025 Earnings Conference Call” Event Site/URL: https://events.teams.microsoft.com/event/5ed65c96-e28b-44be-a75a-6ca20467b7eb@d0b2b045-83aa-4027-8cf2-ea360b91d5e4To attend this conference call  please register via the following link.Telephone participants who are unable to pre-register may dial in to the respective number of their location (to be found here). The Phone conference ID is the following: 273 707 348#About CMB.TECHCMB.TECH is one of the largest listed  diversified and future-proof maritime groups in the world with a fleet of about 250 vessels: dry bulk vessels  crude oil tankers  chemical tankers  container vessels  offshore wind vessels and port vessels. CMB.TECH also offers hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers.CMB.TECH is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe  Asia  United States and Africa.CMB.TECH is listed on Euronext Brussels and the NYSE under the ticker symbol “CMBT” and on Euronext Oslo Børs under the ticker symbol “CMBTO”.More information can be found at https://cmb.techForward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Continuing Obligations on Euronext Oslo Børs.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['TECH ANNOUNCES', 'CMB', 'RESULTS', '26/02', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'user-controlled slide presentation Event Date', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'The Phone conference ID', 'Q4 2025 Earnings Conference Call', 'Webcast Information Event Type', 'United States Securities', 'CET Event Title', 'largest listed, diversified', 'future-proof maritime groups', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'fourth quarter 2025 earnings', 'crude oil tankers', 'tanker vessel capacity', 'international political conditions', 'Investor Relations” page', 'dry bulk vessels', 'offshore wind vessels', 'historical operating trends', 'general market conditions', 'charter counterparty performance', 'other important factors', 'future litigation', 'Event Time', 'Event Site/URL', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other factors', 'chemical tankers', 'historical facts', 'charter rates', 'vessel values', 'operating expenses', 'general domestic', 'political events', 'Audio webcast', 'More information', 'prospective information', 'other risks', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'market opening', 'accompanying slideshow', 'events.teams', 'following link', 'Telephone participants', 'respective number', 'container vessels', 'port vessels', 'ammonia fuel', 'third-party producers', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'future events', 'other statements', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'bunker prices', 'insurance costs', 'governmental rules', 'regulatory authorities', 'potential liability', 'potential disruption', 'shipping routes', 'vessels breakdowns', 'Exchange Commission', 'complete discussion', 'Continuing Obligations', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other data', 'significant uncertainties', 'actual results', 'world economies', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'financing arrangements', 'TECH NV', '250 vessels', 'Antwerp', 'Feb.', 'CMB.', 'NYSE', 'CMBT', 'Thursday', 'February', '8 a', 'details', 'website', 'recording', 'transcript', 'location', 'fleet', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'addition', 'view', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'contracts', 'strength', 'currencies', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'demand', 'dry-docking', 'availability', 'refinancing', 'covenants', 'regulations', 'actions', 'pending', 'accidents', 'instances', 'hires', 'filings', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Attachment']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3237572/0/en/GENFIT-to-receive-US-20M-milestone-after-Ipsen-s-Iqirvo-exceeds-the-US-200M-threshold-in-its-first-full-year-of-net-sales.html,GENFIT to receive US$20M milestone after Ipsen’s Iqirvo® exceeds the US$200M threshold in its first full year of net sales,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  February 12  2026 - GENFIT (Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announce…,"Ipsen reported US$88M of Iqirvo® net sales in PBC for 4Q25  bringing 2025 sales to US$208M  triggering the first commercial milestone payment to GENFIT ahead of schedule 1Ipsen confirmed its commitment to launch a Phase 3 in PSC  creating a new avenue for potential future upside for GENFITGENFIT’s CCA Phase 1b study progressing as planned: New dose-escalation cohort fully enrolled with no dose-limiting toxicities reported at the 21-day timepoint Phase 1b data readout and recommended Phase 2 doses remain on track for 1H26Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  February 12  2026 - GENFIT (Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced that the strong commercial performance of Iqirvo® in its first full year on the primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) market has triggered a US$20M milestone payment from Ipsen under the companies’ licensing agreement.The commercial success of Iqirvo® in 2025 underscores the strength of our partnership with Ipsen and exceeded our initial expectations with first-year net sales reaching US$208M. This performance activated a US$20M milestone payment ahead of plan  reinforcing GENFIT’s financial position. This momentum also led to the receipt of an additional €30M tranche under GENFIT’s royalty‑financing agreement with HCRx  enhancing financial flexibility in a non-dilutive way.In parallel  Ipsen confirmed the initiation of the first and only global Phase 3 clinical trial in primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC)  addressing a significant unmet medical need  as no approved therapies currently exist for this severe and progressive disease. PSC represents a substantial untapped market opportunity  comparable in size to second line PBC. Should Iqirvo® ultimately receive regulatory approval for this indication  GENFIT would be eligible for additional milestone payments as well as additional double‑digit royalties.Beyond Iqirvo®  GENFIT continues to advance its oncology program. The ongoing Phase 1b study in cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  evaluating GNS561 in combination with a MEK inhibitor  is progressing in line with expectations. As communicated in December 2025  early positive activity was observed in the first evaluable patients at Week 6. Enrollment for a the next escalated-dose cohort has now been completed  with no dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs) reported to date. Recruitment for the following one will now proceed  consistent with the predefined dose‑escalation process. Multi-cohort readouts on safety  tolerability and activity along with the determination of the recommended Phase 2 doses remain expected by the end of the first half of 2026.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT declared: “We are pleased with Ipsen’s continued success with Iqirvo®. Net sales have surpassed US$200M in 2025 and this remarkable performance has allowed us to get the first commercial milestone a year earlier than anticipated. We believe that this commercial trajectory has the potential to be transformative for our business model. We are also pleased with the progress of our GNS561 program  with a new cohort fully recruited. This program might bring significant hope for patients with a devastating disease  and we are eagerly awaiting new data. As we are also anticipating the first ACLF patients to be included in a phase 2 evaluating G1090N in the second half of the year we believe 2026 will be a landmark year for GENFIT.”GENFIT will publish its 4Q25 revenue and cash position on February 26  2026.All details from Ipsen’s communication are available here: www.ipsen.com/event/fy-resultsENDABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT focuses on Acute on-chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and associated conditions such as acute decompensation (AD) and hepatic encephalopathy (HE). It develops therapeutic assets which have complementary mechanisms of action  selected to address key pathophysiological pathways. GENFIT also targets other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorders (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). Its R&D portfolio  covering several stages of development  ensures a constant news flow. GENFIT's expertise in developing high-potential molecules – from early to advanced pre-commercialization stages – culminated in 2024 with the accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in the United Kingdom for the treatment of Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Iqirvo® is now marketed in several countries.2 Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® for the detection of Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis). GENFIT  a BCorp™ certified company since 2025  is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to  statements about the future commercial trajectory of Iqirvo® in PBC  the ability to obtain marketing authorization for elafibranor in PSC  the potential to receive future milestone payments and royalties under the Ipsen agreement  the timing  progression and expected data readouts of GENFIT’s ongoing clinical programs such as the Phase 1b study in cholangiocarcinoma and the planned Phase 2 study of G1090N in ACLF  and more generally GENFIT’s expectations regarding its financial position  strategic outlook and prospects for 2026 and beyond. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to non-clinical and pre-clinical programs  reproducibility of preclinical results  the translation of animal model data to human biology  in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  patient recruitment  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  pricing  approval and commercial success of elafibranor in the relevant jurisdictions  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2024 Universal Registration Document filed on April 29  2025 (no. 25-0331) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2025 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  including the Half-Year Business and Financial Report at June 30  2025  or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTSGENFIT | InvestorsJean-Christophe Marcoux – Chief Corporate Affairs Officer | Tel: +33 3 2016 4000 | jean-christophe.marcoux@genfit.comGENFIT | MediaBruno Arabian – Agence Maarc | Tel : 06 87 88 47 26 | bruno.arabian@maarc.frStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Based on contractual change rates (€76 6M sales in 4Q25 and €184M annual sales in 2025)2 Elafibranor is marketed and commercialized  notably in the U.S and Europe  by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo® .Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.09,0.42,True,English,"['US$20M milestone', 'US$200M threshold', 'first full year', 'net sales', 'GENFIT', 'Ipsen', 'Iqirvo', '21-day timepoint Phase 1b data readout', 'ongoing Phase 1b study', 'additional double‑digit royalties', 'global Phase 3 clinical trial', 'substantial untapped market opportunity', 'US$20M milestone payment', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'significant unmet medical need', 'CCA Phase 1b study', 'first commercial milestone payment', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'additional milestone payments', 'additional €30M tranche', 'other serious diseases', 'chronic Liver Failure', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'companies’ licensing agreement', 'royalty‑financing agreement', 'primary sclerosing cholangitis', 'dose‑escalation process', 'solid scientific heritage', 'key pathophysiological pathways', 'urea cycle disorders', 'R&D portfolio', 'constant news flow', 'U.S. Food', 'next escalated-dose cohort', 'liver disease research', 'advanced pre-commercialization stages', 'European Medicines Agency', 'potential future upside', 'New dose-escalation cohort', 'first-year net sales', 'strong commercial performance', 'first full year', 'first evaluable patients', 'early positive activity', 'first ACLF patients', 'new data', 'Iqirvo® net sales', 'Phase 2 doses', 'regulatory approval', 'significant hope', 'medical needs', 'new cohort', 'commercial trajectory', 'first half', 'several stages', 'progressive disease', 'devastating disease', 'commercial success', 'new avenue', 'PBC) market', 'dose-limiting toxicities', 'United States', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'financial position', 'financial flexibility', 'dilutive way', 'MEK inhibitor', 'following one', 'Multi-cohort readouts', 'Pascal Prigent', 'remarkable performance', 'business model', 'second half', 'landmark year', 'cash position', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'associated conditions', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'therapeutic assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'accelerated approval', 'Drug Administration', 'United Kingdom', 'several countries', 'diagnostic franchise', 'Metabolic dysf', 'oncology program', 'initial expectations', 'second line', '4Q25 revenue', 'acute decompensation', 'GNS561 program', '2025 sales', 'PBC.', 'Ipsen', 'GENFIT', 'schedule', 'commitment', 'PSC', 'track', '1H26', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'strength', 'partnership', 'plan', 'momentum', 'receipt', 'HCRx', 'parallel', 'initiation', 'approved', 'therapies', 'severe', 'size', 'indication', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'combination', 'December', 'Week', 'Enrollment', 'DLTs', 'date', 'Recruitment', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'determination', 'end', 'CEO', 'G1090N', 'February', 'details', 'communication', 'results', 'pioneer', 'development', 'action', 'UCD', 'OA', 'expertise', 'elafibranor', 'FDA', 'MHRA', 'treatment', 'NIS2+®', 'detection']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236920/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-5-February-11-2026.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 5 – February 11  2026,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details February 5 – February 11  2026  Alphen aan den Rijn – February 12 ...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details February 5 – February 11  2026Alphen aan den Rijn – February 12  2026 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information solutions  software and services  today reports that it has repurchased 201 855 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 5  2026  up to and including February 11  2026  for €13.5 million and at an average share price of €66.79.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 5  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 200 million from November 6  2025  up to February 23  2026.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date are as follows:Share Buyback 2026Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2026 to date 970 159 78.3 80.69For the period starting November 6  2025  up to and including February 23  2026  we have engaged a third party to execute €200 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'professional information solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'expert solutions', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'February', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'repurchases', 'November', 'year', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236868/0/en/Publication-of-the-2025-annual-financial-results-on-Thursday-February-26-after-market-close.html,Publication of the 2025 annual financial results on Thursday  February 26  after market close,Paris  France – February 12  2026  Full year 2025 financial results and conference call  Viridien will publish its full year 2025 results on Thursday ...,Paris  France – February 12  2026Full year 2025 financial results and conference callViridien will publish its full year 2025 results on Thursday  February 26  after market close.The press release and presentation will be made available on www.viridiengroup.com at 5.45 pm (CET)An English-language conference call is scheduled at 6.00 pm (CET) on the same dayParticipants must register for the conference call by clicking here to receive a dial-in number and PIN code. Participants may also join the live webcast by clicking here.A replay of the conference call will also be available  for a period of 12 months  on the Company's website www.viridiengroup.com.About Viridien:Viridien (www.viridiengroup.com) is an advanced technology  digital and Earth data company that pushes the boundaries of science for a more prosperous and sustainable future. With our ingenuity  drive and deep curiosity we discover new insights  innovations  and solutions that efficiently and responsibly resolve complex natural resource  digital  energy transition and infrastructure challenges. Viridien employs around 3 200 people worldwide and is listed as VIRI on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: FR001400PVN6).ContactsInvestor RelationsAlexandre LeroyTel: + 33 6 85 18 44 31E-Mail: ir@viridengroup.com Media RelationsSara Pink-ZerlingTel: + 33 6 37 57 95 44E-Mail: media.relations@viridiengroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['2025 annual financial results', 'Publication', 'Thursday', 'February', 'market', 'close', 'Full year 2025 financial results', 'full year 2025 results', 'complex natural resource', 'advanced technology, digital', 'Earth data company', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'English-language conference call', 'press release', 'same day', 'PIN code', 'live webcast', 'sustainable future', 'deep curiosity', 'new insights', 'energy transition', 'infrastructure challenges', 'Investor Relations', 'Alexandre Leroy', 'Media Relations', 'Sara Pink-Zerling', 'France', 'February', 'Viridien', 'Thursday', 'market', 'presentation', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'website', 'boundaries', 'science', 'prosperous', 'ingenuity', 'drive', 'innovations', 'solutions', '3,200 people', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'viridengroup', 'Attachment', '5.45', '6.00']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236905/0/en/The-Vicat-Group-awarded-a-Grand-Projets-Industriels-de-D%C3%A9carbonation-GPID-grant-for-its-VAIA-project.html,The Vicat Group awarded a “Grand Projets Industriels de Décarbonation” (GPID) grant for its VAIA project,The Vicat Group awarded a “Grand Projets Industriels de Décarbonation” (GPID) grant for its VAIA project    The VAIA (Vicat Advanced Industrial Alliance)...,The Vicat Group awarded a “Grand Projets Industriels de Décarbonation” (GPID) grant for its VAIA projectThe VAIA (Vicat Advanced Industrial Alliance) project has been awarded a GPID grant by the French government. This recognition follows on from the public support obtained after the project was selected by the European Innovation Fund program in November 2025.This new grant marks a key milestone in the development of the VAIA project. Studies are ongoing and the final investment decision is scheduled for 2027. The VAIA project aims to capture and store 1.2 million tons of CO 2 per year at the Montalieu-Vercieu cement plant  the largest in France. It also enables the creation of a unique value chain  serving as the initial anchor point in the Rhône Valley for a complete sector covering the capture  transport  use  and liquefaction of CO 2 for storage.The GPID grant is part of the French government's Major Investment Plans to accelerate the country's ecological and industrial transition. This program aims to support innovative and structuring projects  particularly those that contribute to the decarbonization of industry  the modernization of infrastructure  and the competitiveness of strategic sectors.About Vicat :For 170 years  Vicat has been a leading player in the mineral and biosourced building materials industry. Vicat is a group listed on the Euronext Paris market  part of the SBF 120 Index  and is under the majority control of the founding Merceron-Vicat family. With the ambition of achieving carbon neutrality in its value chain by 2050  the Vicat Group now operates three core lines of business: Cement  Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregates  as well as related activities. The Vicat Group is present in 12 countries spanning both developed and emerging markets. It has close to 10 000 employees and generated consolidated sales of €3 884 million in 2024. With its strong regional positions  Vicat is developing a circular economy model beneficial for all and consistently innovating to reduce the construction industry’s environmental impact. www.vicat.frContact :Raphael Hinninger07 61 74 86 52raphael.hinninger@vicat.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['The Vicat Group', 'Grand Projets Industriels', 'Décarbonation', 'GPID) grant', 'VAIA project', 'Grand Projets Industriels de', 'European Innovation Fund program', 'biosourced building materials industry', 'Vicat Advanced Industrial Alliance', 'final investment decision', 'initial anchor point', 'Rhône Valley', 'Major Investment Plans', 'Euronext Paris market', 'founding Merceron-Vicat family', 'three core lines', 'strong regional positions', 'circular economy model', 'Montalieu-Vercieu cement plant', 'unique value chain', 'The GPID grant', 'The Vicat Group', 'The VAIA project', 'industrial transition', 'GPID) grant', 'construction industry', 'new grant', 'Décarbonation', 'French government', 'public support', 'key milestone', '1.2 million tons', 'complete sector', 'structuring projects', 'strategic sectors', 'leading player', 'SBF 120 Index', 'majority control', 'carbon neutrality', 'Ready-Mixed Concrete', 'related activities', 'emerging markets', 'consolidated sales', 'environmental impact', 'Raphael Hinninger', 'recognition', 'November', 'development', 'Studies', 'year', 'France', 'creation', 'capture', 'transport', 'use', 'liquefaction', 'storage', 'part', 'country', 'ecological', 'innovative', 'decarbonization', 'modernization', 'infrastructure', 'competitiveness', 'mineral', 'ambition', 'business', 'Aggregates', '12 countries', 'developed', '10,000 employees', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/02/12/us-equities-hit-by-slump-in-tech-sector/,US equities hit by slump in tech sector,Kingspan was the busiest company on Euronext Dublin as it finished up 1.9% after more than 71 million shares were traded,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photograph: Michael Nagle/BloombergUS equities reversed earlier gains on Thursday as a slump in the technology sector offset gains elsewhere  even as investors and strategists saw signs of stabilisation in the US labour market.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed most of its international peers  finishing flat on what was a quiet day of trading.Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan was the busiest company on the index as it finished up 1.9 per cent after more than 71 million shares were traded.The banks continued their recent slump  with AIB and Bank of Ireland down 1.7 per cent and 1.5 per cent respectively. Meanwhile  food giant Kerry Group rose 0.8 per cent.Budget airline Ryanair was up 0.6 per cent at close of business following a European court decision relating to the Dublin Airport passenger cap. Minister for Transport Darragh O’Brien received Cabinet approval this week to prepare draft laws to scrap the passenger cap after breaches in 2024 and 2025.LondonStock prices in London closed lower  falling into the red after downbeat early trade in New York  before eyes turn to a US inflation reading on Friday.The FTSE 100 index closed down 0.7 per cent. The index spent the bulk of the day in the green  before declining as the afternoon progressed. The FTSE 250 ended down 0.5 per cent  and the Aim all-share closed down 0.5 per cent.On the FTSE 100  Schroders was the best-performing stock  jumping 30 per cent after the fund manager agreed to an all-cash takeover by a subsidiary of Nuveen. The deal values Schroders at up to £9.9 billion (€11.4 billion)  612 pence per share.Separately  Schroders reported 2025 results  with assets under management rising 6 per cent to £823.7 billion and statutory pre-tax profit increasing 21 per cent to £673.8 million.[ Bitcoin’s claim to be digital gold looks increasingly thinOpens in new window ]Admiral rose 3.4 per cent. The Cardiff-based insurer is buying commercial motor insurer Flock in a deal which values the latter’s equity at £80 million.“This acquisition aligns with the group’s commitment to continuously evolve and futureproof its motor proposition and broaden its product offering ” Admiral said.On Aim  Sancus Lending surged 11 per cent after increasing its existing credit facility with Pollen Street Capital to £300 million and extending its maturity to no earlier than February 11th  2031.TPXimpact jumped 16 per cent after announcing a £39 million  four-year contract with the UK’s Department for Environment  Food and Rural Affairs under its Digital  Data & Technology “capability as a service” model.EuropeThe outlook for European corporate health has improved  the latest LSEG I/B/E/S forecasts showed  as European blue-chip indices hit highs on the back of a better-than-anticipated earnings season so far.European companies are expected to report a 1.1 per cent drop in 2025 fourth-quarter earnings  on average  according to LSEG data  a substantial improvement from the 3.1 per cent decrease analysts expected a week ago.That would be still be the worst earnings performance in the past seven quarters  based on the LSEG data.In European equities  the Cac 40 in Paris closed up 0.3 per cent  while the Dax 40 in Frankfurt closed flat. The Stoxx Europe 600 fell 0.5 per cent  while the MSCI World Index fell 0.8 per cent.New YorkUS stock indexes fell on a renewed sell-off in software and technology shares  while strong labour market data tempered expectations for a central bank rate cut.Software and brokerage stocks fell sharply  with the S&P 500 ⁠software index down 2.7 per cent  giving up almost all its gains since bouncing back from last week’s drubbing.Atlassian and Adobe were down more than 2 per cent each. Intuit  CrowdStrike and Datadog fell between 1 per cent and 3 per cent.The Dow Jones Transport Average lost 5.4 per cent  with CH Robinson falling 12 per cent. Old Dominion and JB Hunt Transport lost 4.3 per cent and 8.6 per cent  respectively.All “Magnificent 7” stocks posted declines  with Apple and Amazon falling 3.7 per cent and 3 per cent respectively. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,mixed,0.24,0.25,0.51,True,English,"['US equities', 'tech sector', 'slump', 'The Dow Jones Transport Average', 'New York US stock indexes', 'latest LSEG I/B/E/S forecasts', 'commercial motor insurer Flock', 'central bank rate cut', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'strong labour market data', 'food giant Kerry Group', 'Dublin Airport passenger cap', 'US labour market', 'The Cardiff-based insurer', 'Cavan-based insulation specialist', 'Budget airline Ryanair', 'Darragh O’Brien', 'downbeat early trade', 'statutory pre-tax profit', 'existing credit facility', 'Pollen Street Capital', 'past seven quarters', 'JB Hunt Transport', 'anticipated earnings season', 'worst earnings performance', 'European court decision', 'European corporate health', 'European blue-chip indices', '£39 million, four-year contract', 'The Stoxx Europe', 'MSCI World Index', '1.1 per cent drop', '3.1 per cent decrease', 'The FTSE 100 index', 'Stock prices', 'performing stock', 'new window', 'LSEG data', 'US equities', 'US inflation', 'motor proposition', '2025 fourth-quarter earnings', 'European companies', 'European equities', '71 million shares', 'Digital, Data', 'Euronext Dublin', '3 per cent', '8.6 per cent', 'technology sector', 'international peers', 'busiest company', 'Cabinet approval', 'draft laws', 'fund manager', 'cash takeover', 'digital gold', 'product offering', 'Sancus Lending', 'Rural Affairs', 'substantial improvement', 'technology shares', 'brokerage stocks', 'S&P 500', 'last week', 'CH Robinson', 'Old Dominion', 'Magnificent 7” stocks', 'Additional reporting', 'quiet day', 'recent slump', 'earlier gains', 'software index', '1.5 per', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Photograph', 'Bloomberg', 'Thursday', 'investors', 'strategists', 'signs', 'stabilisation', 'trading', 'Kingspan', 'banks', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'close', 'business', 'Minister', 'breaches', 'London', 'eyes', 'Friday', 'bulk', 'green', 'afternoon', 'Aim', 'Schroders', 'subsidiary', 'Nuveen', 'deal', '612 pence', '2025 results', 'assets', 'management', 'Bitcoin', 'Admiral', 'equity', 'acquisition', 'commitment', 'maturity', 'February', 'TPXimpact', 'UK', 'Department', 'capability', 'service', 'model', 'outlook', 'highs', 'back', 'analysts', 'Cac', 'Paris', 'Dax', 'Frankfurt', 'sell-off', 'expectations', 'drubbing', 'Atlassian', 'Adobe', 'Intuit', 'CrowdStrike', 'Datadog', 'declines', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'Agencies']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,irishtimes.com
54986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3237494/0/en/Participation-notifications-by-The-Goldman-Sachs-Group.html,Participation notifications by The Goldman Sachs Group,Press release                                                                  Regulated information   Brussels  February 12  2026  17:45 CET   In line...,"Press release Regulated informationBrussels  February 12  2026  17:45 CETIn line with Belgian transparency legislation (Law of May 2  2007)  The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc recently sent to Solvay the following transparency notifications.Here is a summary of the notifications:Date on which the threshold is crossed Voting rights after the transaction Equivalent financial instruments after the transaction Total January 28  2026 0.19% 7.45% 7.63% January 29  2026 0.05% 7.56% 7.62% January 30  2026 0.15% 8.01% 8.16%The latest notification  dated February 5  2026  contains the following information:Reason for the notification: Acquisition or disposal of financial instruments that are treated as voting securitiesNotified by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personDate on which the threshold is crossed: January 30  2026Threshold of direct voting rights crossed: 3% upwardsDenominator: 105 876 416Additional information: ""Call Warrants""  ""Swaps""  ""Call Option"" and ""Put Option"" mentioned in section B are held by the corresponding entities where Goldman Sachs has a long exposurePersons subject to the notification requirement: The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc  Corporation Truse Center  1209 Orange Street  Wilmimgton  DE 19801  USA Goldman Sachs International  Plumtree Court  25 Shoe Lane  London  EC4A 4AU  United KingdomTransparency notifications and the full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held are available on the Investor Relations Section of Solvay's website.ContactsInvestor relationsGeoffroy d’Oultremont: +32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint: +33 6 74 87 85 65Charlotte Vandevenne: +32 471 68 01 66investor.relations@solvay.comMedia relationsPeter Boelaert: +32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen: +32 484 65 30 47media.relations@solvay.comAbout SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of circa 9 000 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.7 billion in net sales in 2024  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Ce communiqué de presse est également disponible en français.Dit persbericht is ook in het Nederlands beschikbaar.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Participation notifications', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Press release Regulated information', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'Corporation Truse Center', 'Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen', 'soda ash process', 'het Nederlands beschikbaar', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'pioneering chemical company', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'Equivalent financial instruments', 'direct voting rights', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'following transparency notifications', 'Investor Relations Section', 'following information', 'section B', 'essential solutions', 'world-leading company', 'voting securities', 'Additional information', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Call Warrants', 'Call Option', 'Put Option', 'corresponding entities', 'long exposure', '1209 Orange Street', 'Plumtree Court', '25 Shoe Lane', 'EC4A 4AU', 'United Kingdom', 'full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'Vincent Toussaint', 'Charlotte Vandevenne', 'Peter Boelaert', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'net sales', 'communiqué de', 'français', 'Media relations', 'latest notification', 'notification requirement', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Solvay Solvay', 'February', 'CET', 'line', 'Law', 'May', 'summary', 'Date', 'threshold', 'transaction', 'January', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Denominator', 'Swaps', 'Persons', 'Wilmimgton', 'USA', 'London', 'holding', 'website', 'Contacts', 'Geoffroy', 'Oultremont', 'legacy', 'workforce', 'circa', '9,000 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'presse', 'persbericht', 'Attachments', '479', '2050']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236912/0/en/Virtune-AB-Publ-announces-the-listing-of-Virtune-BNB-ETP-on-Deutsche-B%C3%B6rse-Xetra.html,Virtune AB (Publ) announces the listing of Virtune BNB ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra,Stockholm  February 12  2026 – Virtune  a Swedish regulated crypto asset manager  today announces the listing of Virtune BNB ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra  one of Europe’s leading regulated trading venues.,Stockholm  February 12  2026 – Virtune  a Swedish regulated crypto asset manager  today announces the listing of Virtune BNB ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra  one of Europe’s leading regulated trading venues.About Virtune BNB ETPVirtune BNB ETP is a physically backed exchange-traded product designed to offer investors a secure and cost-effective way to gain exposure to BNB. This is achieved through a transparent  physically backed structure with institutional-grade security.Virtune BNB ETP:1:1 exposure to BNB100% physically backed by the underlying asset BNB held in cold-storage with Coinbase1.95% annual management feeFirst day of trading: Thursday  February 12  2026Xetra Exchange Ticker: VBNBTrading currency: EURISIN: SE0027598202WKN: A4ARBWAbout BNBBNB is the native crypto asset of the BNB Chain ecosystem and is used across one of the largest blockchain networks globally. It is utilized for transaction fees  participation in decentralized applications  and on-chain activity across DeFi  NFTs  and Web3 services. BNB also provides utility within the broader ecosystem.Christopher Kock  CEO of Virtune:“We are happy to expand our product range on Deutsche Börse Xetra with a BNB ETP. This marks our tenth listed product and underscores our long-term commitment to the German market. Since listing our first ETP around eight months ago  we have focused on building a comprehensive  regulated product offering that gives investors exposure to established crypto assets through regulated investment channels.”For institutional investors interested in discussing the opportunities our ETPs offer  or to learn more about Virtune and our products  please contact hello@virtune.com. Additional information is available at www.virtune.com .Press contactChristopher Kock  CEO  Virtune AB (publ)christopher@virtune.com+46 70 073 45 64About Virtune AB (Publ):Virtune with its headquarters in Stockholm is a regulated Swedish digital asset manager and one of the fastest-growing issuers of crypto ETPs (Exchange-Traded Products) in Europe. Its product portfolio includes 22 ETPs with a total of USD 260 million in assets under management. The company is trusted by over 160 000+ investors  and its products are listed on Deutsche Börse Xetra  Nasdaq Stockholm  Nasdaq Helsinki  as well as Euronext Amsterdam and Paris.With regulatory compliance  strategic collaborations with industry leaders and our proficient team  we empower investors on a global level to access innovative and sophisticated investment products that are aligned with the evolving landscape of the global crypto market.Cryptocurrency investments are associated with high risk. Virtune does not provide investment advice. Investments are made at your own risk. Securities may increase or decrease in value  and there is no guarantee that you will recover your invested capital. Please read the prospectus  KID  and terms at www.virtune.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.26,0.41,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Virtune BNB ETP', 'Virtune AB', 'Publ', 'listing', 'Swedish regulated crypto asset manager', 'Swedish digital asset manager', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'comprehensive, regulated product offering', 'leading regulated trading venues', 'Xetra Exchange Ticker', 'native crypto asset', 'regulated investment channels', 'largest blockchain networks', 'underlying asset BNB', 'tenth listed product', '1.95% annual management fee', 'global crypto market', 'sophisticated investment products', 'BNB Chain ecosystem', 'Virtune BNB ETP', 'product range', 'product portfolio', 'first ETP', 'investment advice', 'chain activity', 'broader ecosystem', 'German market', 'crypto assets', 'global level', 'Trading currency', 'crypto ETPs', 'cost-effective way', 'backed structure', 'institutional-grade security', 'First day', 'transaction fees', 'decentralized applications', 'Web3 services', 'long-term commitment', 'Additional information', 'Press contact', 'growing issuers', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'regulatory compliance', 'strategic collaborations', 'industry leaders', 'proficient team', 'evolving landscape', 'Exchange-Traded Products', 'Christopher Kock', 'Virtune AB', 'Cryptocurrency investments', 'high risk', 'institutional investors', '160,000+ investors', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', '22 ETPs', 'listing', 'Europe', 'secure', 'exposure', 'cold-storage', 'Coinbase', 'Thursday', 'February', 'VBNB', 'ISIN', 'WKN', 'A4ARBW', 'participation', 'DeFi', 'NFTs', 'utility', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'hello', 'Publ', 'headquarters', 'total', 'USD', 'company', 'Paris', 'innovative', 'Securities', 'value', 'guarantee', 'capital', 'prospectus', 'KID', 'terms']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3237495/0/en/Technip-Energies-awarded-a-substantial-contract-for-SkyNRG-s-Sustainable-Aviation-Fuel-project-in-the-Netherlands.html,Technip Energies awarded a substantial contract for SkyNRG’s Sustainable Aviation Fuel project in the Netherlands,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a substantial1 contract by SkyNRG for the DSL-01 project  a new Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) production facility to be developed in Delfzijl  the Netherlands.,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a substantial1 contract by SkyNRG for the DSL-01 project  a new Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) production facility to be developed in Delfzijl  the Netherlands.The award covers Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Commissioning (EPCC) for Europe’s first standalone greenfield SAF production facility. It follows the successful completion of the Front-End Engineering & Design (FEED) phase by Technip Energies and marks a significant step in the long-standing collaboration with SkyNRG.The DSL-01 project is designed to produce 100 000 tons per annum of SAF using the Hydroprocessed Esters and Fatty Acids (HEFA) pathway  processing sustainable waste feedstocks such as used cooking oil.The project integrates an advanced feedstock pre-treatment unit and an on-site hydrogen plant based on Technip Energies’ proprietary Steam Methane Reforming (SMR) technology. This configuration is intended to improve cost efficiency and minimize lifecycle emissions  thereby enabling large-scale competitive production of SAF.This contract represents Technip Energies' sixth HEFA-based SAF project in Europe  reinforcing its position as a key enabler for sustainable aviation fuel capacities in the region.Sylvain Cabalery  Head of Commercial  Project Delivery & Services business unit at Technip Energies  stated: “We are pleased to have been entrusted by SkyNRG to deliver this important sustainable aviation fuel project. With a planned capacity of 100 000 tons per year  this initiative marks a significant advancement in scaling SAF production across Europe. Technip Energies has delivered more than 60% of the installed SAF production capacity globally. This award reinforces our leadership in this strategic market and underscores our continued commitment towards a more sustainable future.”Maarten van Dijk  Chief Executive Officer and Co-founder of SkyNRG  stated: “Reaching this milestone for DSL-01 is a defining step in our journey toward operating our own SAF production capacity. Together with Technip Energies as our trusted and expert EPCC partner  we can now turn years of development into a physical facility. Scaling SAF is essential for the future of aviation  and this project is a concrete contribution to its decarbonization.”(1) A “substantial” award for Technip Energies is a contract award representing between €500 million and €1 billion of revenue. This award was recorded in Q1 2026 in the Project Delivery and Technology  Products & Services segments.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2024 Annual Financial Report filed on March 10  2025  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  which includes a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.21,0.5,True,English,"['Sustainable Aviation Fuel project', 'Technip Energies', 'substantial contract', 'SkyNRG', 'Netherlands', 'Technip Energies’ proprietary Steam Methane Reforming', 'first standalone greenfield SAF production facility', 'important sustainable aviation fuel project', 'advanced feedstock pre-treatment unit', 'new Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'sustainable aviation fuel capacities', 'sixth HEFA-based SAF project', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'SAF) production facility', 'Social Media Manager', 'sustainable waste feedstocks', 'large-scale competitive production', 'Maarten van Dijk', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'SAF production capacity', 'Vice-President Investor Relations', 'Services business unit', 'complementary business segments', 'site hydrogen plant', 'expert EPCC partner', 'The DSL-01 project', 'physical facility', 'sustainable chemistry', 'sustainable future', 'Important Information', 'Scaling SAF', 'Press Relations', 'business conditions', 'Services segments', 'Project Delivery', 'successful completion', 'FEED) phase', 'significant step', 'Hydroprocessed Esters', 'Fatty Acids', 'HEFA) pathway', 'cooking oil', 'cost efficiency', 'lifecycle emissions', 'key enabler', 'Sylvain Cabalery', 'significant advancement', 'strategic market', 'continued commitment', 'defining step', 'concrete contribution', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'Jason Hyonne', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'financial condition', 'similar expressions', 'potential effect', 'actual results', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future results', 'future developments', 'substantial1 contract', 'Front-End Engineering', 'engineering powerhouse', 'The Company', 'long-standing collaboration', 'SMR) technology', 'global technology', 'leadership positions', 'critical markets', 'energy derivatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'substantial” award', 'CO 2 management', 'contract award', 'SkyNRG', 'Delfzijl', 'Netherlands', 'Procurement', 'Construction', 'Commissioning', 'Europe', 'Design', '100,000 tons', 'annum', 'configuration', 'region', 'Head', 'year', 'initiative', 'founder', 'milestone', 'journey', 'trusted', 'decarbonization', 'revenue', 'Q1', 'Products', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'circularity', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', '44', '33']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236866/0/en/Press-Release-Bel%C3%A9n-Garijo-to-become-Chief-Executive-Officer-of-Sanofi.html,Press Release: Belén Garijo to become Chief Executive Officer of Sanofi,Belén Garijo to become Chief Executive Officer of Sanofi  Paris  February 12  2026. Sanofi's Board of Directors met on February 11  2026  and decided not...,Belén Garijo to become Chief Executive Officer of SanofiParis  February 12  2026. Sanofi's Board of Directors met on February 11  2026  and decided not to renew the Director mandate of Paul Hudson. As a result  Paul Hudson’s last day as Chief Executive Officer will be on February 17  2026 at the end of business. The Board thanks him for his valuable contributions to the transformation and development of the Group over the last six years.Following the proposal of the Appointments Committee  the Board of Directors appointed Belén Garijo as Chief Executive Officer. She will take up her duties at the end of the Group's Annual General Meeting on April 29  2026. The Board will also propose to the shareholder vote the candidacy of Belén Garijo as a director of the Group(*).Olivier Charmeil  Executive Vice President  General Medicines  and member of the Executive Committee since 2011  will assume the role of Interim Chief Executive Officer during this transition.Belén Garijo will bring an increased rigor to the implementation of Sanofi's strategy and accelerate the preparation of the Group's future. Her priority will be to strengthen the productivity  governance  and innovation capacity of Research & Development.Belén Garijo  MD  joined Merck KGaA in 2011 and became its Chief Executive Officer in 2021  becoming the first woman to lead a DAX40 company in Germany. She is a Spanish national who worked in a hospital for six years  before embarking on a brilliant career in the pharmaceutical industry  first in the Research and Development department of Abbott  then for 15 years at Sanofi. She was Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations for Europe and Canada and a member of Sanofi's Executive Committee.She has operated in many European countries and the US  where she led the integration of Genzyme during its acquisition. A strategic leader recognized beyond the pharmaceutical industry  she is a member of the Board of Directors of BBVA and was a member of the Board of Directors of L'Oréal for 10 years.Frédéric Oudéa  Chairman of the Board of Directors  said: “Sanofi's Board of Directors thanks Paul Hudson for his work and the strategic initiatives he has launched during his tenure. The Board is pleased to welcome Belén Garijo as Chief Executive Officer. She is a well-recognized leader in our industry with an undisputable reputation. She knows the Sanofi Group very well  where she has held important positions and achieved many successes for 15 years. She has the experience and profile to accelerate the pace  strengthen the quality of execution of strategy and lead the next growth cycle of the company  which is essential to build the Group's future. In a rapidly changing pharmaceutical industry  we place Sanofi in experienced hands and Belén Garijo's brilliant international career attests to her strategic vision and her ability to drive profound and value-creating transformations with a culture of rigor to serve the best interests of patients.”(*) The appointment of Belén Garijo as a director  as well as the amendment of the articles of association to raise the age limit of the Chief Executive Officer upon appointment  necessary for this election  will be proposed to the vote of the shareholders at the General Meeting of April 29  2026.About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people’s lives and delivering compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +1 617 356 4751 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comLéa Ubaldi | +33 6 30 19 66 46 | lea.ubaldi@sanofi.comEkaterina Pesheva | +1 410 926 6780 | ekaterina.pescheva@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | +44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comNina Goworek | +1 908 569 7086 | nina.goworek@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comAll trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group.Sanofi Forward Looking StatementThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Belén Garijo', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Press Release', 'Sanofi', 'R&D driven, AI-powered biopharma company', 'Frédéric Oudéa', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'Sanofi Forward Looking Statement', ""L'Oréal"", 'Léa Ubaldi', 'Belén Garijo', 'many European countries', 'next growth cycle', 'SNY Media Relations', 'Private Securities Li', 'brilliant international career', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'Executive Vice President', 'Annual General Meeting', 'changing pharmaceutical industry', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'last six years', 'DAX40 company', 'brilliant career', 'Executive Committee', 'last day', 'many successes', 'compelling growth', 'Investor Relations', 'Pharmaceutical Operations', 'Paul Hudson', 'valuable contributions', 'Appointments Committee', 'Olivier Charmeil', 'innovation capacity', 'Merck KGaA', 'first woman', 'Spanish national', 'strategic initiatives', 'undisputable reputation', 'important positions', 'experienced hands', 'strategic vision', 'value-creating transformations', 'best interests', 'age limit', 'deep understanding', 'immune system', 'innovative pipeline', 'one purpose', 'positive impact', 'societal challenges', 'Yun Li', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'General Medicines', 'increased rigor', 'strategic leader', 'Ekaterina Pesheva', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Director mandate', 'Development department', 'The Board', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Nina Goworek', 'Sanofi Group', '15 years', '10 years', 'Paris', 'February', 'Directors', 'result', 'business', 'proposal', 'duties', 'April', 'shareholder', 'candidacy', 'member', 'role', 'transition', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'preparation', 'future', 'priority', 'productivity', 'governance', 'Research', 'MD', 'Germany', 'hospital', 'Abbott', 'Canada', 'integration', 'Genzyme', 'acquisition', 'BBVA', 'Chairman', 'work', 'tenure', 'profile', 'pace', 'quality', 'execution', 'ability', 'profound', 'culture', 'patients', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'election', 'vote', 'people', 'lives', 'vaccines', 'millions', 'world', 'team', 'miracles', 'science', 'progress', 'communities', 'time', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'pescheva', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'trademarks', 'property']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236840/0/en/ForFarmers-strengthens-position-in-Polish-market-through-value-chain-integration.html,ForFarmers strengthens position in Polish market through value chain integration,Lochem  12 February 2026   ForFarmers strengthens position in Polish market through value chain integration   ForFarmers strengthens position in the...,Lochem  12 February 2026ForFarmers strengthens position in Polish market through value chain integrationForFarmers strengthens position in the growing poultry market in Poland in a joint venture with KPS Food Group (KPS)  a leading  innovative player in poultry production  slaughtering and food processing.Both ForFarmers’ current joint venture in Poland (Tasomix) and the activities of KPS will be merged into a new joint venture ForFarmers Polska.ForFarmers will have a controlling (50.5%) stake and will fully consolidate the joint venture.The Enterprise Value of ForFarmers Polska will be PLN 2 192 million (EUR 520 million).ForFarmers and KPS have signed an agreement to form a joint venture in which ForFarmers will have a 50.5% majority share. The current owners of KPS  who are also the co-shareholders in Tasomix  will hold the other 49.5% stake. This joint venture will incorporate KPS's poultry farms and slaughtering and food processing activities  as well as all of Tasomix' feed activities. The transaction is subject to approval by the Polish competition authority and the shareholders of ForFarmers.Value chain integrationThis step is in line with ForFarmers' strategy to strengthen its market position in the growing Polish poultry sector and to further develop value chain integration. Tasomix and KPS have a long‑standing track record of effective collaboration. The intensified cooperation will continue in this joint venture under the name ForFarmers Polska  under which both the Tasomix and KPS brand names will continue to exist. ForFarmers will fully consolidate the joint venture.Pieter Wolleswinkel  CEO ForFarmers: “In the markets in which we operate  value chain integration is more and more important for a future-proof poultry sector. I am therefore very optimistic about this strategically important step for ForFarmers. The combination of Tasomix and one of Poland's most modern poultry processing companies enables us to consolidate our strengths into an integrated organisation  capable of responding effectively to market demands. This new joint venture enables us to strengthen our position in the Polish poultry market and benefit from the growth opportunities in Poland.”Jarosław Krzyżanowski and Ireneusz Sobczak  co-shareholders: “KPS and ForFarmers have been working together for a long time. Our way of working and vision for the Polish poultry market are a perfect match. KPS stands for innovation: in technology  production and product development  but also for expansion into domestic and foreign markets. With the knowledge and expertise of Tasomix and ForFarmers  we can respond even better to the wishes of our customers.”KPS and TasomixKPS is an established name in the fast-growing Polish poultry production and processing market. The growing company is an integrated player in the poultry sector with a turnover of approximately PLN 1 065 million (EUR 252 million) in 2025 and an annual EBITDA of around PLN 195 million (EUR 46 million). KPS owns 7 poultry farms with a total of approximately 3 million bird places  a modern slaughterhouse in Radom and a production site for consumer products in Pionki. KPS also has service companies for distribution and sales. It employs a total of approximately 2 000 people. The current owners will remain actively involved  both operationally and as shareholders.Through Tasomix  ForFarmers brings in-depth knowledge in the field of sustainable feed production and feed advice. Tasomix is one of the largest producers of animal feed in Poland and supplies feed for poultry  pigs and ruminants. With a team of 525 employees  it offers reliable and efficient feed solutions. Tasomix has been part of the ForFarmers Group since 2018.The management of the joint venture will consist of representatives from the joint venture partners  namely Pawel Swierkula (CEO)  Robert Sobczak (CCO) and Bartlomiej Kaminski (CFO).Structure of the agreementThe proposed transaction involves merging all activities of KPS and Tasomix into a joint venture called ForFarmers Polska. The Enterprise Value (EV) of the new joint venture will be PLN 2 192 million (EUR 520 million)  based on an EV of PLN 1 500 million (EUR 356 million) for KPS and PLN 692 million (EUR 164 million) for Tasomix.The Krzyżanowski family and the Sobczak family are the current 100% shareholders in KPS. They also hold 40% in Tasomix  in which ForFarmers currently has a 60% stake. In order to achieve the intended shareholder structure in the new joint venture  in which ForFarmers will have a 50.5% stake and the Krzyżanowski family and the Sobczak family the other 49.5%  ForFarmers will pay a consideration to the current shareholders. This consideration is the net effect of 50.5% of the Equity Value of KPS minus 9.5% of the Equity Value of Tasomix. The Equity Value equals the Enterprise Value minus the net debt positions in KPS and Tasomix on completion. The consideration will be paid in three annual tranches  funded in part through additional financing. The expected funding stays well within banking covenants.The transaction is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year  subject to approval by the Polish competition authority and the shareholders of ForFarmers. Further details will be disclosed in the documentation following the shareholders meeting.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor:Media: Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00Investors: Floor van Maaren  T +31 (0)573 28 88 00Company profileForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers’) is a company offering complete feed solutions for (organic) livestock farming. With its mission statement ‘For the Future of Farming ’ ForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming and making the agricultural sector even more sustainable. With sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the UK and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 900 employees. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  PO-Box 91  7240 AB LochemT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00 - info@forfarmers.eu - www.forfarmersgroup.eu/enFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document contains forward-looking statements that include ForFarmers' regulatory capital and liquidity positions under certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  statements containing words such as ''intends''  ''expects''  ''takes into account''  ''aims at''  ''has the plan''  ''estimates'' and words of similar purport. These statements concern or may affect future matters  such as ForFarmers' future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from the expected future results or performance implicitly or explicitly contained in forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  taxation  case law and regulations  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  investigations by regulators  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the latest published annual report. The forward-looking statements contained in this document relate solely to statements as of the date of this document  and ForFarmers assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether in connection with new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is required by law to do so.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['value chain integration', 'Polish market', 'ForFarmers', 'position', 'Jarosław Krzyżanowski', 'long‑standing track record', 'The Krzyżanowski family', 'growing Polish poultry sector', 'growing Polish poultry production', 'modern poultry processing companies', 'Polish competition authority', '3 million bird places', 'ForFarmers’ current joint venture', 'future-proof poultry sector', 'value chain integration', 'The Enterprise Value', 'leading, innovative player', 'net debt positions', 'three annual tranches', 'growing poultry market', 'Polish poultry market', 'efficient feed solutions', 'The Equity Value', 'new joint venture', 'joint venture partners', 'intended shareholder structure', 'sustainable feed production', 'food processing activities', 'KPS brand names', 'KPS Food Group', 'Polish market', ""Tasomix' feed activities"", 'growing company', 'processing market', 'long time', 'modern slaughterhouse', 'service companies', 'poultry farms', 'Sobczak family', 'integrated player', 'annual EBITDA', 'net effect', 'market demands', 'current owners', 'production site', 'feed advice', 'animal feed', '50.5% majority share', 'effective collaboration', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'integrated organisation', 'growth opportunities', 'Ireneusz Sobczak', 'perfect match', 'product development', 'consumer products', 'largest producers', 'Pawel Swierkula', 'Robert Sobczak', 'Bartlomiej Kaminski', 'additional financing', 'banking covenants', 'ForFarmers Group', 'current 100% shareholders', 'current shareholders', 'market position', 'important step', 'foreign markets', 'depth knowledge', 'ForFarmers Polska', ""ForFarmers' strategy"", 'other 49.5% stake', 'CEO ForFarmers', '60% stake', '50.5% stake', 'Lochem', '12 February', 'Poland', 'slaughtering', 'Both', 'controlling', 'agreement', 'transaction', 'approval', 'line', 'cooperation', 'combination', 'strengths', 'way', 'vision', 'innovation', 'technology', 'expansion', 'domestic', 'expertise', 'wishes', 'customers', 'fast', 'turnover', 'PLN', 'total', 'Radom', 'Pionki', 'distribution', 'sales', '2,000 people', 'field', 'supplies', 'pigs', 'ruminants', 'team', '525 employees', 'reliable', 'management', 'representatives', 'CCO', 'CFO', 'order', 'consideration', 'completion', 'expected', 'funding']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236869/0/en/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-REPORTS-FY-2025-EARNINGS.html,UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2025 EARNINGS,UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2025 EARNINGS  Strong retail performance supported by increased footfall and tenant sales  dynamic leasing activity...,UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2025 EARNINGSStrong retail performance supported by increased footfall and tenant sales dynamic leasing activity and record low vacancyc. -355 bps LTV improvement1 thanks to €2.2 Bn of completed or secured disposals and a +1.7% portfolio revaluation2Successful deliveries including retail opening of Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartierand extension and rebranding of Westfield Černý MostLaunch of capital-light growth initiatives through first franchising contract in KSA andacquisition of a 25% stake in St James Quarter  the dominant mall in EdinburghSuccessful financing & hedging activity and reduced hybrid costGood start to ‘A Platform for Growth’ business plan with 2025 AREPS at €9.58 and proposed3 distribution of €4.50/share  up c.+30% vs. FY-20242026 AREPS forecasted to be in the range of €9.15 to €9.30 with targeted 2026 distribution of €5.50/share2025 in review:Tenant sales up +3.9% supported by +1.9% increase in footfall vs. 2024Shopping Centre vacancy at 4.6%  down -20 bps vs. 2024€423 Mn of Minimum Guaranteed Rent (MGR) signed  with +6.7% uplift on top of indexed passing rents  including +11.3% on long-term deals representing 82% of the leasing activityEBITDA of €2 284 Mn  up +3.6% on a like-for-like basis 4 Shopping Centres Net Rental Income (NRI) at €2 081 Mn  up +3.8% on a like-for-like basis 5 Offices & Others NRI at €66.9 Mn (2024: €102.4 Mn)  reflecting disposals Convention & Exhibition Net Operating Income (NOI) at €159.6 Mn+1.7% increase in portfolio revaluation (+€836 Mn) incl. +1.8% in Europe and +1.2% in the US€2.2 Bn of disposal transactions completed or secured  out of which €1.6 Bn completed in 2025IFRS Net Debt including hybrid reduced from €21.9 Bn to €20.3 Bn and to €19.7 Bn proforma secured disposals 1IFRS LTV including hybrid at 42.8%  -270 bps improvement vs. FY-2024 (42.0% proforma for secured disposals 1 i.e. c. -355 bps)i.e. c. -355 bps) IFRS Net Debt to EBITDA including hybrid improving to 9.1x  down from 9.5x in 2024Hybrid portfolio restructuring (coupon decrease of c. -55 bps) and CMBS 6 refinancing (coupon decrease of c. -190 bps)refinancing (coupon decrease of c. -190 bps) Recurring net result of +€1 452 Mn and IFRS net result7 of +€1 268 MnCommenting on the results  Vincent Rouget  Chief Executive Officer  said:“2025 was another successful year for URW and a good start to our ‘A Platform for Growth’ 2025-28 business plan  with attractive organic growth  disposal target secured  disciplined capital allocation and increasing shareholder returns.Thanks to our dominant portfolio  unrivalled retail operations and the iconic Westfield brand – which form a powerful ecosystem of performance – tenant sales and footfall grew  leasing activity was strong and vacancy reached its lowest level since 2017. We see a clear opportunity to further enhance retail tension and capture market share in 2026  building on Westfield’s unmatched position as a profitable growth platform for flagship retail.In 2025  our focus on capital light growth saw the creation of a new franchising business and the first Westfield branded location in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We also acquired a 25% stake in St James Quarter  the number one retail destination in Edinburgh  that will be rebranded Westfield and managed by URW.We further strengthened our balance sheet  supported by a healthy increase in portfolio valuations and €2.2 billion of completed or secured disposals  taking our LTV ratio to its lowest level since 2019. These transactions also streamline and simplify our business.Thanks to our strong operating and financial performance  we will propose a cash distribution of €4.50 per share for 2025 – up around 30% from last year – and confirm our 2026 AREPS guidance. We also target a distribution of €5.50 per share for 2026  reflecting our confidence in our ‘A Platform for Growth’ financial trajectory.Our Better Places sustainability roadmap is a key strategic driver for the Group  and our delivery on our targets has URW consistently recognised as one of the top 100 companies globally. This includes community impact programmes  including a successful partnership with the Louvre in France  guided by our purpose to ‘Reinvent Being Together’.I am excited to lead URW and its talented teams  and along with our Management Board  have set clear 2026 priorities in terms of leasing  further Group simplification to focus on activities that drive growth and innovation  and harnessing the power of our proprietary data and AI capabilities to create value for all our stakeholders.”FINANCIAL SCHEDULEThe next financial events on the Group’s calendar will be:April 23  2026: Q1-2026 Trading update (after market close)May 6  2026: AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEMay 19  2026: Distribution payment  subject to approval of the AGMJuly 30  2026: H1-2026 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77 – investor.relations@urw.comJuliette Aulagnon+33 6 15 74 20 43 – investor.relations@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998 – Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Cyrille Lachèvre — PLEAD+33 6 20 42 12 08– cyrille.lachevre@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) operates vibrant retail-anchored destinations in many of the world’s best cities and urban areas. This powerful network attracts over 900 million customer visits annually  supports the growth of major retailers  and makes a significant social and economic contribution to local communities.This network includes 66 owned shopping centres in the US and Europe that represent around 88% of the Group’s €49 Bn asset portfolio – with 41 centres operating under the iconic Westfield brand. URW also has partners who operate Westfield-branded destinations in fast-growing new markets.Through its ‘A Platform for Growth’ business plan  URW is generating organic growth  leveraging the power of the Westfield brand  and unlocking capital light growth opportunities to generate compelling shareholder returns. This is supported by the Group’s ‘Better Places’ sustainability roadmap  which has established URW as a leader in the real estate industry and one the 100 most sustainable companies in the world.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW). The Group is rated BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s and Baa2 by Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com.1 Reduction of the IFRS LTV including hybrid in 2025 vs. 2024  proforma for the receipt of the proceeds from c. €0.5 Bn secured disposals (out of which €0.1 Bn completed in 2026 year-to-date).2 Net of investments (capex  acquisitions  transfers)  disposals and FX impact.3 Subject to approval by AGM of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on May 6  2026  to be paid on May 19  2026.4 Excluding the impact of disposals  pipeline  Design  Development & Construction (DD&C)  FX and the impact of the Olympics.5 Shopping Centres Lfl NRI excluding airports  US Regionals and CBD asset.6 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities.7 IFRS net result including recurring and non-recurring (including gains or losses on disposals  mark-to-market of assets and financial derivatives  etc.).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2025 EARNINGS', '4 Shopping Centres Net Rental Income', 'attractive organic growth, disposal target', 'Better Places sustainability roadmap', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2025 EARNINGS', 'Exhibition Net Operating Income', 'first Westfield branded location', 'first franchising contract', 'Recurring net result', 'IFRS Net Debt', 'IFRS net result7', 'St James Quarter', 'Shopping Centre vacancy', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'key strategic driver', 'community impact programmes', 'Q1-2026 Trading update', 'capital-light growth initiatives', 'Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartier', 'Westfield Černý Most', '2025-28 business plan', 'unrivalled retail operations', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'new franchising business', 'one retail destination', 'AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'next financial events', 'Growth’ business plan', 'capital light growth', 'profitable growth platform', 'dynamic leasing activity', 'Strong retail performance', 'Hybrid portfolio restructuring', 'strong operating', 'disposal transactions', 'IFRS LTV', 'retail opening', 'capital allocation', 'retail tension', 'flagship retail', '+1.7% portfolio revaluation2', 'hedging activity', 'A Platform', 'portfolio valuations', 'financial performance', 'financial trajectory', 'FINANCIAL SCHEDULE', 'tenant sales', 'low vacancy', 'LTV improvement1', 'Successful deliveries', 'dominant mall', 'Successful financing', 'Good start', 'passing rents', 'long-term deals', 'coupon decrease', 'Vincent Rouget', 'successful year', 'shareholder returns', 'powerful ecosystem', 'lowest level', 'unmatched position', 'Saudi Arabia', 'balance sheet', 'LTV ratio', 'last year', 'successful partnership', 'talented teams', 'Management Board', 'proprietary data', 'AI capabilities', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Juliette Aulagnon', 'hybrid cost', 'proposed3 distribution', 'cash distribution', 'Distribution payment', 'Others NRI', '270 bps improvement', 'CMBS 6 refinancing', 'clear opportunity', 'top 100 companies', 'H1-2026 results', 'healthy increase', '2026 AREPS guidance', 'secured disposals', 'market share', 'Investor Relations', '2026 distribution', '355 bps', '2025 AREPS', '+1.9% increase', '+1.7% increase', 'footfall', '€2.2 Bn', 'extension', 'rebranding', 'Launch', 'KSA', 'acquisition', '25% stake', 'Edinburgh', 'range', 'review', 'MGR', '+6.7% uplift', 'indexed', 'EBITDA', 'basis', '5 Offices', 'Convention', 'NOI', 'Europe', '3 Bn', 'proforma', 'URW', 'disciplined', 'increasing', 'focus', 'creation', 'Kingdom', 'number', 'confidence', 'Group', 'delivery', 'targets', 'Louvre', 'France', 'purpose', '2026 priorities', 'terms', 'simplification', 'activities', 'innovation', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'calendar', 'April', 'approval', 'information', '423']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2026/02/12/magnum-ice-cream-sales-slide-reignites-fears-over-weight-loss-drugs/,Magnum ice cream sales slide ‘reignites’ fears over weight-loss drugs,Shares in Unilever spin-off tumble after 3% fall in fourth-quarter volumes,Magnum shares sank more than 14 per cent in Amsterdam after the company reported its first earnings since its demerger in December. Photograph: EPAShares in the Magnum Ice Cream Company sank on Thursday after the Unilever spin-off reported a slide in sales volumes  exacerbating concerns that the category is vulnerable to growing use of weight-loss drugs.The maker of Cornetto and Ben & Jerry’s ice cream reported a 3 per cent drop in sales volumes in the fourth quarter – well below the 0.5 per cent volume growth forecast by analysts.Jefferies analyst David Hayes said the result would “reignite worries” on the structural risks of GLP-1 drugs for the ice cream category: “This miss will not help that anxiety  we think.”Magnum shares sank more than 14 per cent in Amsterdam after the company reported its first earnings since its demerger in December  when it listed with a valuation of €7.8 billion on Euronext Amsterdam. The company’s market value was cut to €8.6 billion following Thursday’s sell-off.Ahead of its spin-off  Magnum faced scrutiny from investors on how exposed a pure-play ice cream company would be to the growing use of weight-loss drugs.Chief executive Peter ter Kulve played down the risk  pointing to low-calorie and high-protein options in the portfolio  as well as portion-control versions of brands  such as Magnum Bonbons.Magnum reported a 48 per cent drop in annual net profit to €307 million due to separation and restructuring costs from the demerger. Operating profit fell 21 per cent to €599 million.The company reported €7.9 billion turnover in 2025  flat compared with the previous year  with organic sales up 4.2 per cent  from 2.8 per cent in 2024. It expected organic sales growth of between 3 and 5 per cent this year.Unilever chose to demerge the division  which accounted for 16 per cent of overall sales  as part of a turnaround plan designed to boost growth and simplify its sprawling portfolio that spans cleaning products  condiments  make-up and packaged food.Shares in the FTSE 100 company fell 1.4 per cent in London on Thursday after forecasting underlying sales growth for 2026 to be at the bottom end of its 4 and 6 per cent range  with at least 2 per cent volume growth.Bernstein analyst Callum Elliott said Unilever management had consistently referred to achieving 5 per cent growth in the medium term following the ice cream spin-off.“This acceleration now seems to be pushed back beyond [2026]  with a promise of jam tomorrow ” he said.Chief executive Fernando Fernandez touted a “simpler  sharper and faster” Unilever following the ice cream demerger.He said on a media call that food was still an “attractive business” but that he was concentrating resources on faster growing divisions.Annual underlying sales growth was up 3.5 per cent  in line with expectations  driven by the beauty and wellbeing and personal care divisions  which grew by 4.3 and 4.7 per cent respectively. The food division grew 2.5 per cent.Turnover fell 3.8 per cent to €50.5 billion while operating profit rose 2.4 per cent to €9 billion. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2026,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Magnum ice cream sales', 'reignites', 'weight-loss', 'drugs', 'Chief executive Peter ter Kulve', 'Chief executive Fernando Fernandez', 'The Financial Times Limited', 'Jefferies analyst David Hayes', '0.5 per cent volume growth', '2 per cent volume growth', 'Annual underlying sales growth', 'pure-play ice cream company', 'Magnum Ice Cream Company', 'personal care divisions', 'annual net profit', '5 per cent growth', '3 per cent drop', '48 per cent drop', '6 per cent range', 'faster growing divisions', 'ice cream category', 'ice cream spin-off', 'organic sales growth', 'ice cream demerger', '2.8 per cent', '16 per cent', '4.7 per cent', 'Bernstein analyst', 'sales volumes', 'overall sales', 'growing use', 'Operating profit', 'first earnings', 'weight-loss drugs', 'fourth quarter', 'structural risks', 'GLP-1 drugs', 'market value', 'high-protein options', 'portion-control versions', 'Magnum Bonbons', 'restructuring costs', 'previous year', 'turnaround plan', 'cleaning products', 'FTSE 100 company', 'bottom end', 'Callum Elliott', 'medium term', 'media call', 'attractive business', 'packaged food', 'Magnum shares', 'Unilever spin-off', '€7.9 billion turnover', 'sprawling portfolio', 'Unilever management', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'food division', 'December', 'Photograph', 'EPA', 'Thursday', 'slide', 'concerns', 'maker', 'Cornetto', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'analysts', 'result', 'worries', 'miss', 'anxiety', 'valuation', 'sell', 'scrutiny', 'investors', 'low-calorie', 'brands', 'part', 'condiments', 'make-up', 'London', 'acceleration', 'promise', 'jam', 'simpler', 'resources', 'line', 'expectations', 'beauty', 'wellbeing', 'Copyright', '14', '4.3']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,irishtimes.com
54993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236885/0/en/2025-Full-Year-Results.html,2025 Full Year Results,2025 Full year results  TMICC delivers solid operational performance in 2025 Sales of €7.9 billion  organic sales growth of 4.2%  and volume growth of 1.5%...,2025 Full year resultsTMICC delivers solid operational performance in 2025Sales of €7.9 billion  organic sales growth of 4.2%  and volume growth of 1.5%Amsterdam  12 February 2026FY 2025 revenue of €7.9 billion (FY 2024: €7.9 billion)  +4.2% organic sales growth (OSG) year-on-year  with volume growth +1.5% and price growth +2.6%. Reported revenue -0.5% due to forexOperating Profit of €599 million (FY 2024: €764 million) reflecting planned net increase of €118 million in separation and restructuring costs in 2025 vs 2024 and forex translation effectFY 2025 Adjusted EBITDA margin 15.9% (FY 2024: 16.9%)  impacted by forex translation effect (-50bps) and previously allocated depreciation costs  which are charged as a cash cost from H2 2025 due to Transitional Service Agreements (TSAs) (-50bps)FY 2025 Adjusted EBIT margin 11.6% (FY 2024: 12.1%)  with forex translation effect (-50bps)Productivity programme on track  with €180 million savings delivered in 2025 (FY 2024: €70 million)Successful and significantly oversubscribed debut €3 billion bond issued  securing long-term fundingDemerger completed  with listings in Amsterdam  London and New YorkHighlights In €  percentage (unaudited) FY 2025 FY 2024 Revenue (in € billions) 7.9 7.9 Reported revenue growth -0.5% 4.3% Organic Sales Growth 4.2% 2.8% Organic Volume Growth 1.5% 1.1% Organic Price Growth 2.6% 1.7% Operating profit (in € millions) 599 764 Adjusted EBITDA (in € millions) 1 255 1 340 Adjusted EBIT (in € millions) 917 964 Operating profit margin (% revenue) 7.6% 9.6% Adjusted EBITDA margin (% revenue) 15.9% 16.9% Adjusted EBIT margin (% revenue) 11.6% 12.1% Free Cash Flow (FCF  in € millions) 38 803 Diluted Earnings Per Share (€) 0.48 Adjusted Earnings Per Share (€) 0.93Peter Ter Kulve  CEO: “We delivered a solid operational performance in 2025  with broad-based organic sales growth of 4.2%  outperforming the growing global ice cream market and consolidating our leading position whilst we delivered a complex company separation. I am particularly pleased with our 1.5% volume growth  reflecting the continued momentum behind our well-loved brands. Our four leading brands  Magnum  Ben & Jerry’s  Cornetto and the Heartbrand  were the driving force behind our performance  with 150 new launches  including Magnum Utopia and Cornetto Max.Every region contributed to growth  with market share gains across most key markets  including the US  our largest market. Growth was supported by improved availability and operational rigour with our front-line first model. Through disciplined execution of our productivity programme  and select pricing actions  we mitigated the impact of elevated commodity inflation and continued to grow volume. Whilst FX movements and TSA-related cash costs affected our Adjusted EBITDA margin  the fundamentals of the business are sound  giving us a strong foundation to deliver stakeholder value. I’d like to thank all my colleagues in TMICC for their hard work and commitment.Looking ahead  we are focused on executing our growth strategy and driving the productivity programme to deliver profitable growth. In 2026  we expect 3% to 5% organic sales growth along with underlying margin improvement.”TMICC Group performance reviewIn 2025  Group revenue was €7.9 billion (FY 2024: €7.9 billion). Organic sales growth for the year was 4.2%  reflecting a healthy balance of volume growth of 1.5% and price growth 2.6%. All three regions grew market share and contributed positively to organic sales growth  with growth in Europe & ANZ of 3.3%  Americas grew 0.8%  whilst AMEA delivered a double-digit increase of 10.9%.Reported revenue growth was broadly in line with the previous year at -0.5%  as forex translation effects had a negative impact of -4.3% in 2025. These related mainly to the strengthening of the Euro against key currencies  particularly the Turkish lira and US dollar.Our four leading brands – Magnum  Ben & Jerry’s  Cornetto  and The Heartbrand – continued to be powerful growth drivers for the Group in 2025.Magnum delivered high single-digit organic sales growth driven by the global launch of Magnum Utopia across all regions and the further rollout of Magnum Bonbons in multiple markets including the Nordics  Spain and Poland.Ben & Jerry’s delivered over 3% organic sales growth  driven by the introduction of 25 new flavour and format combinations across pints  mini cups  sharing tubs  scooping and snackable bites.Cornetto delivered high single-digit organic sales growth  supported by the launch of the next generation MAX cone featuring a layered texture and premium ingredients in the EU and Türkiye.The Heartbrand delivered low single-digit organic sales growth  driven by the Asian roll out of the Chinese multi-layer sticks innovation. The successful Brazilian bites formats were rolled out to Asia and the rest of Latam.2025 was the first year where our fully dedicated sales force significantly improved execution  driving growth across all channels. Digital commerce remained TMICC’s fastest-growing channel  delivering double-digit growth with positive share gains. The At-Home channel grew mid-single digit and growth was accelerated through improved service  well-executed customer growth plans and competitive pricing. In the US  growth was led by the rebuilding of our business in the value and club channels. Increasing our freezer fleet in key markets supported mid-single digit growth in the Away-from-Home channels.Operating profit was €599 million in 2025 (FY 2024: €764 million)  mainly impacted by adjusting items related to separation and restructuring and forex translation effect.In 2025  Adjusted EBITDA was €1 255 million (FY 2024: €1 340 million). Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.9% (FY 2024: 16.9%)  impacted by 50bps forex translation effect and a further 50bps due to a higher cash cost resulting from the TSAs in H2. While operating under Unilever as a business group  the ice cream business was allocated depreciation costs of certain shared assets which did not transfer to TMICC at separation. From H2 2025  these depreciation costs are included in the TSA charge from Unilever  reflecting the usage of those assets by TMICC. Operationally  we saw commodity and other supply chain cost inflation of 380bps during this period  which was offset through our productivity programme and select pricing actions. On a regional basis  Europe & ANZ delivered an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 13.1%  Americas delivered 14.1%  while AMEA delivered 22.9%.Adjusted EBIT in 2025 was €917 million (FY 2024: €964 million) with Adjusted EBIT margin of 11.6% (FY 2024: 12.1%)  with -50bps forex translation effect.Free Cash Flow for FY2025 was €38 million  compared to €803 million in FY2024. This was largely due to the significant cash outflows related to the demerger  implementation of the interim operating model  interest costs on new loans  and TSAs with Unilever.Demerger related cash outflows amounted to €564 million  comprising of acquisition and disposal related outflows of €238 million  separation related cash outflows of €146 million and interim operating model linked cash outflow of €180 million.From 1 July 2025  the Group incurred €143 million of additional cash costs on interest and the operation of the TSA. Interest on loans from Unilever and external debt increased interest payments by €105 million versus FY 2024  when interest was incurred only in entities that operated as a standalone ice cream entity. In addition  depreciation previously allocated by Unilever was replaced by TSA cash charges  increasing cash outflows by €38 million.The remaining €58 million year-on-year movement reflected increased capex driven by capacity and cabinet fleet expansion (€31 million)  and foreign exchange translation impacts (€27 million).Net profit in 2025 was €307 million (FY 2024: €595 million). The decrease compared to the prior year was driven by a net increase of €118 million in higher separation and restructuring costs  higher net finance costs (€104 million)  higher net monetary loss from hyperinflation in Türkiye (€31 million)  and FX impact on operating  slightly offset by a lower tax charge.Full year 2026 OutlookLooking ahead  the external environment remains uncertain. The ice cream market is resilient and has good momentum and is anticipated to grow between 3% and 4% in 2026. We expect organic sales growth for 2026 to be between 3% to 5% and expect an Adjusted EBITDA margin improvement of 40 to 60bps  on a comparable perimeter basis with 2025. The reported improvement in Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be 0 to 20bps  primarily due to the impact of the anticipated acquisition of the India business in H1 2026. We expect the improvements in the year to be weighted more in the second half of 2026 due to the phasing of TSAs and commodity prices.TMICC Group strategyAs a global leader in ice cream  we grow by expanding the market and we continue to do this through our growth strategy outlined at the Capital Markets Day in September 2025:1. Accelerating competitive growth by expanding consumption occasions with market-making innovations  winning across the full price pyramid  and ensuring broader availability across channels.2. Unlocking productivity through a €500 million savings programme that resets our supply chain  reduces structural overhead  and embeds technology-enabled efficiency.3. Reinvesting behind brands through increased demand creation and distribution  best-in-class digitised execution  capabilities and stronger market leadership through disruptive innovations  and increased demand creation.2025 Group business highlightsAs a standalone company  we accelerated our release of market-making innovations: Tapping into cultural and foodie trends with the successful introduction of Magnum Dubai Chocolate in Türkiye  from idea to launch inside 6 months Creating a bespoke red and black Amsterdam Raketje as a proud partner of Amsterdam 750 to mark the 750 th anniversary of the founding of the city  home to our global HQ Introducing market-moving format innovations with Ben & Jerry’s launching 25 new flavour and format combinations across pints  mini cups  large tubs  scooping and snackable bites to address broader occasionsWe strategically expanded our range and drove innovation of ‘better for you’ options by: Accelerating the roll-out of portion-control choices such as Magnum Bonbons and Ben & Jerry’s Peaces Expanding Yasso’s high protein  low fat Greek yoghurt offering from sticks into pints in the US Taking the first steps to pioneer a new adult functional refreshment category with the introduction of Hydro:ICE  a refreshing glow-in-the-dark citrus water ice with vitamins and electrolytes  in Spain and the Netherlands Launch of Ice balls in Thailand  achieving over 200bps of market share in the first yearWe are establishing a lean  empowered organisation with a frontline first culture and a team that believes in our future potential.Productivity programmeOur productivity programme started in 2024 and is planned to deliver savings of €500 million across all regions. In 2025  our supply chain delivered €140 million savings  while overhead savings were €40 million. Combined  the productivity programme resulted in €180 million in savings in 2025  with cumulative savings at the end of 2025 of €250 million  part of which will be re-invested in future growth.TMICC Group perimeter and TSA progressThe transfer of the ice cream business in Indonesia was completed on 8 December 2025 and the results relating to Indonesia for the full year were included in the Group financials as well as in the comparatives.The acquisition of Portugal and India are on track for completion in H1 2026.The separation from Unilever was successfully completed  with the demerger and listing delivered on time and within budget. All planned December 2025 TSA exits were concluded on time and we remain on course towards finalisation of the remaining TSA exits by 2027.FY 2025 RestrictionsWe became an independently listed company on 8 December 2025. Due to regulatory restrictions that were in place prior to that date  we have not provided detailed management commentary or outlook relating to FY2025.Any public estimates  assumptions or interpretations reflected in analyst models and public consensus data may be derived from historical disclosures  public statements  or reporting made prior to the listing  including information relating to the business when it formed part of a larger group  and therefore may not fully reflect our current perimeter or reporting framework as a standalone listed entity. Going forward  we will compile and publish a company consensus on a half-year and full-year basis.-ENDS-Conference call and audio webcastPeter ter Kulve  CEO  and Abhijit Bhattacharya  CFO  will host a conference for investors and analysts at 11:00 am CET today  to discuss the FY 2025 results. A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Magnum Ice Cream Company website and can be accessed here.Enquiries Media Relationsmedia.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.com Investor Relationsinvestor.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.comThis announcement has been submitted to the FCA National Storage Mechanism and is available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism.About The Magnum Ice Cream CompanyWe are the world’s largest ice cream company  headquartered in Amsterdam  The Netherlands and listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Home to four of the world’s five largest ice cream brands  with a global team of 16 500 employees  operating thirty factories  twelve R&D centres and a fleet of three million freezer cabinets  we generated €7.9 billion in revenue in 2025. From Magnum and Ben & Jerry’s to Cornetto and the Heartbrand  our ice cream portfolio delights consumers in eighty markets around the world. TMICC’s legal entity identifier is 25490052LLF3XH6G9847. For more information  visit www.corporate.magnumicecream.com.Other informationSegment performance (unaudited)EUROPE & ANZ In €  percentage 2025 2024 Revenue (in € billions) 3.2 3.1 Reported revenue growth 2.7% 3.0% Organic Sales Growth 3.3% 2.6% Organic Volume Growth 1.2% 1.7% Organic Price Growth 2.1% 0.9% Adjusted EBITDA margin 13.1% 14.6% Adjusted EBIT margin 9.2% 10.2%We delivered a strong performance in Europe & ANZ  posting 3.3% OSG and market share gains for the region for the second year running. Growth was driven by particularly strong performance in the UK  France and Spain. Our performance in Italy was below par  and we are resetting the business with a clear plan in place.In particular  Magnum  Ben & Jerry’s and Cornetto performed strongly  delivering high single digit growth  supported by market-making format innovations such as the pan-European launch of Magnum Bonbons. Innovation in the premium price segment continued with the successful launch of the Cornetto Max range and Magnum Disc Cones in France. Across the broader portfolio  we introduced the new Solero XL pack and launched exciting new concepts including a Minecraft stick  demonstrating the depth of the Heartbrand portfolio. Top-line growth in the region was enabled by improved physical availability and on-shelf execution  with key wins including new discounter listings.The Adjusted EBIT margin in the region declined operationally by 70bps and an additional 30bps from lower royalties. Operational profitability in the region was impacted primarily due to raw material price increases  mainly cocoa. In addition to these factors  previously allocated depreciation costs  which are charged as a cash cost from H2 2025 due to Transitional Service Agreements (TSAs)  impacted the Adjusted EBITDA margin by 50bps.The supply chain productivity programme delivered efficiency gains through investments in major manufacturing facilities in Heppenheim (Germany)  Gloucester (UK) and Minto (Australia). We have strengthened demand forecasting and seasonal planning in the region  using advanced weather forecasting models which are integrated into our planning systems.AMERICAS In €  percentage 2025 2024 Revenue (in € billions) 2.8 2.9 Reported revenue growth -4.5% 5.0% Organic Sales Growth 0.8% 2.0% Organic Volume Growth 0.0% 2.1% Organic Price Growth 0.8% -0.1% Adjusted. EBITDA margin 14.1% 14.7% Adjusted EBIT margin 10.4% 10.3%The Americas delivered 0.8% OSG  despite weak overall market growth in key countries. We gained share in the US for the second consecutive year. In Mexico we gained share in a slower overall market. Performance in Brazil was weak  and we have reset teams and strategy.Reported revenue declined by -4.5% versus 2024 as forex translation effects had a negative impact of -5.2% on 2025 revenue growth.Momentum in North America was driven by top US brands  with Yasso maintaining double-digit OSG  and Ben & Jerry’s outperforming the broader market  driving share gains in the US.Portfolio innovation continues to revitalize our US brand portfolio  with key partnerships such as Hershey and Disney. The successful relaunch of Popsicle rebuilding the ‘yellow door’ delivered mid-single-digit OSG. Our focus on market-making format innovation continued  with the launch of the Breyers S’mores range across tubs  sticks and sandwiches as well as the introduction of Ben & Jerry’s Scoop-apalooza  a party-sized format.Growth was further bolstered by expanded physical availability across the value  club and digital commerce channels as well as in Away-from-Home in Latin America where we started expanding our cabinet fleet after years of decline.The Adjusted EBIT margin in the region improved by 10bps as the productivity programme more than offset the inflationary impact of raw material prices. On an Adjusted EBITDA level  the reduction of 60 basis points was primarily due to the impact of depreciation becoming a cash charge due to the start of the Transitional Service Agreements in the second half of the year.The US end-to-end supply chain reset increased our competitiveness for our brands across the US. Investments in debottlenecking our production lines enabled us to unlock capacity to drive volume growth. Yasso transitioned to in-house production  lowering costs and providing improved service levels. Across the portfolio  efficiencies and cost savings were realised in the supply chain through factory modernization  distribution optimization and our comprehensive procurement overhaul.AMEA In €  percentage 2025 2024 Revenue (in € billions) 2.0 2.0 Reported revenue growth 0.5% 5.5% Organic Sales Growth 10.9% 4.7% Organic Volume Growth 4.5% -1.6% Organic Price Growth 6.1% 6.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 22.9% 23.6% Adjusted EBIT margin 17.2% 18.0%AMEA continued to drive significant growth for the Group  delivering 10.9% OSG. Türkiye and Pakistan continued to perform strongly  delivering double digit OSG  with a step-up in performance in China and Indonesia delivering high single digit growth. Our turnaround plans in Thailand are starting to show results  as we gained market share in 2025. Performance in the Philippines was impacted by unusually severe weather.Reported revenue increased by 0.5% versus 2024 as forex translation effects had a negative impact of -9.3% on 2025 revenue growth.Strong performance was delivered by a dual focus on growing consumer demand occasions and operational rigour by increasing market penetration through leveraging festive activations and joint business plans with retail partners to increase product availability and consumer reach.Growth was supported across the region by premium innovations across our leading brands  including the successful launch of Magnum cones and Cornetto and Wall’s multi-layer sticks.Market-specific innovations also contributed to strong growth:Türkiye: successful launch of Magnum Dubai  Volcano  Plombir and Carte d’Or ChunkiesPakistan: focused on category relevance via seasonal packs (Chaunsa Mango) and accessible snacking formats (Cornetto Popcone)The Adjusted EBIT margin in the region declined by 80bps. Rigorous cost management  selective pricing actions  and disciplined execution of the productivity programme  partially offset significant external headwinds from material cost inflation and hyperinflation in Türkiye. Adjusted EBITDA margin declined by 70bps.Historical half-yearly organic sales  price  volume growth for years 2024 and 2025TMICC Group In percentage H1 ‘24 H2 ‘24 H1 ‘25 H2 ‘25 Organic Sales Growth -0.7% 7.6% 5.8% 2.2% Organic Volume Growth -1.7% 4.9% 3.5% -1.0% Organic Price Growth 1.1% 2.5% 2.1% 3.2%Additional commentary on the unaudited financial statements (full year 2025)Q4 TMICC Group In €  percentage Q4 2025 Q4 2024 Revenue (in € billions) 1.1 1.2 Reported revenue growth -5.3% 3.8% Organic Sales Growth -0.7% 4.3% Organic Volume Growth -3.0% 2.2% Organic Price Growth 2.3% 2.0%The final quarter of the year is our smallest quarter  representing around 15% of full year sales. Many of our typically faster growing Away-from-Home emerging market businesses such as Türkiye and China have a limited contribution in this period. A large part of our cabinets are returned to central warehouse for next years’ replacement. As a result  in Q4 the Americas drive over half of the quarter’s revenue compared to around a third for the full year and this year  disruption in food stamps in the US and a late start to the Brazilian season impacted the quarter. While we continued to outpace the category both in the Americas and globally  it was a more challenging quarter which led to a small decline in OSG of less than 1%.Finance costsNet finance costs totalled €121 million (2024: €17 million). Finance costs were €139 million  including €117 million of interest expense of which a significant part relates to loans with Unilever to fund the separation and bond interest  €13 million of foreign exchange losses  and €9 million interest on lease liabilities. Interest cost on pension and other obligations was €9 million. Finance income was €27 million  driven by interest earned on deposits and gain from revaluation of a put option.In 2024  finance costs did not include any allocation of interest incurred by Unilever or interest bearing fundings.TaxationThe Adjusted Effective Tax Rate in 2025 was 26.0% (2024: 21.9%). The increase versus prior year reflects the adverse impact of non-deductible interest and losses upon which no deferred tax asset has been recognised. The effective tax rate for 2025 was 31.3% due to the tax impact of hyperinflation adjustment in Türkiye of 3.4% and irrecoverable VAT arising from asset transfers as direct result of the separation of 1.5%.Net Monetary LossThe net monetary loss arising from hyperinflation adjustments for Türkiye is €31 million (2024: nil). The increase in FY2025 versus prior year is due to the higher net monetary asset position  driven by indirect tax receivables recognised on asset transfers.Earnings Per Share (EPS)Prior to 6 December 2025  the Group was under the control of Unilever and did not have any issued shares. Accordingly  EPS has not been calculated for prior years. The current year EPS is based on the total shares issued as at 31 December 2025.Net debtNet debt was €2 967 million (FY2024: €263 million). The increase consists primarily of €2 977 million raised following the bond issuance in November 2025  which financed the settlement of the Unilever payable arising from the asset transfers upon separation. A €100 million drawdown from the term loan facility was offset by a €373 million increase in cash and cash equivalents. In 2024  cash and cash equivalents only included the balance from ice cream dedicated entities.Non-current assets and liabilitiesPensionThe pension position moved from a net liability of €98 million in FY2024 to a net asset of €2 million in FY2025. During the year  pension assets for funded schemes increased from nil to €78 million and pension liabilities for funded and unfunded schemes decreased from €98 million to €76 million. This €100 million improvement was driven primarily by German funded pension plans moving from a net liability of €5 million to a net asset of €77 million  reflecting higher discount rates  which reduced liabilities and increased asset returns.Deferred taxThe net deferred tax position moved from a net deferred tax liability of €168 million to a €314 million net deferred tax asset. The increase of €482 million is mainly driven by the separation where a net deferred tax asset was recognised from the transfers of assets and liabilities and is subject to the completion of the purchase price allocation exercise in certain jurisdictions  which will take place in 2026.Other non-current assetsOther non-current assets increased to €186 million (2024: €29 million)  primarily reflecting the non-current portion of indirect taxes paid to the local authorities as the result of the transfer of assets and liabilities under the separation  amounting to €120 million. A sizeable portion of these indirect tax payments was funded by Unilever prior to the demerger. The amount owed to Unilever will be repaid as and when it is recovered from the local tax authorities; accordingly a corresponding liability was recognised in payables.Other non-current assets also include a €54 million prepayment to Unilever related to the deferred transfer of the Mexico sourcing unit assets.Current assets and liabilitiesTrade receivables and trade payablesTrade receivables and trade payables increased year on year  primarily reflecting the Transitional Period working capital arrangements following the demerger:Upon the demerger  in many territories  legal title to inventory has not passed from Unilever to the Group. Accordingly  an accrual of €818 million was recognised as a payable to Unilever. This reflects the fact that  during the Transitional Period  the Group does not have legal title to all inventory and will need to acquire that inventory at the end of the Transitional Period.During 2025  the Group made a payment (‘Inventory Subsidy’) of €905 million to Unilever. The Inventory Subsidy is a cash flow mechanism that allows Unilever to be compensated for its investment for inventory which it retains legal title. The subsidy is a one-time payment that will be repaid at the end of the Transitional Period. The Inventory Subsidy was funded by Unilever by way of a related party loan that was subsequently capitalised.While the balances differ in amount and cannot be offset under IFRS due to being held with different Unilever legal entities  they are expected to be economically settled at the same time at the end of the Transitional Period.Indirect taxes paid on transfer of net assets and separation costs as well as changes to the operating model also resulted in higher receivables compared with the prior year.ProvisionsProvisions decreased by €63 million mainly driven by the release of restructuring provisions due to higher than anticipated employee redeployment within the new organisation  and the derecognition of certain provisions previously allocated to TMICC  which were retained by Unilever as the legal liability did not transfer.Finance and liquidityIn 2025  the Group strengthened its financing structure following the demerger from Unilever.In August 2025  the Group entered into term loan facilities totalling €4.0 billion  comprising a €3.0 billion bridge facility  which was cancelled in November 2025 without any amounts drawn  a €700 million working capital facility  of which €100 million was drawn on 29 December 2025  and a €300 million facility for the acquisition of the Indian Ice Cream business in 2026 (to be drawn in 2026).The Group also has access to a €1.0 billion multicurrency revolving credit facility  including euro and US dollar swingline facilities. No amounts were drawn.In November 2025  the Group completed a €3.0 billion debut bond issuance across four tranches (2029  2031  2034 and 2037) under its Euro Medium Term Note programme with interest rate ranging 2.75% to 4.00%. Proceeds were used for general corporate purposes  including facilitating the demerger.Following these financings  financial liabilities increased to €3 416 million (2024: €333 million)  with an average debt maturity of 7.5 years.Cautionary statementThe information contained in this announcement speaks only as at the date of this announcement  and subject to applicable law or regulation neither The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V. nor any member of its Group (together  the “Group”) has  or accepts  any responsibility or duty to update any such information  document or announcement and reserves the right to add to  remove or amend any information reproduced in this announcement at any time.This announcement contains statements that are forward-looking  including within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  and including statements concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of the Group. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Words such as “will”  “aim”  “expects”  “anticipates”  “intends”  “looks”  “believes”  “vision”  “ambition”  “target”  “goal”  “plan”  “potential”  “work towards”  “may”  “milestone”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “probably”  “project”  “risk”  “seek”  “continue”  “projected”  “estimate”  “achieve” or the negative of these terms  and other similar expressions of future performance or results and their negatives  are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information regarding the Group’s future financial performance  the Group’s supply chain transformation programme  the Group’s strategy  plans and expected trends including trends in the global ice cream market  the Group’s outlook and expected modelled or potential financial results including sales growth  price growth  and margin improvement  statements with respect to dividends  productivity programme  and plans and ambitions to maintain a leadership position in the global ice cream market  the Group’s investment plans with respect to savings  finalisation of remaining TSA exists by 2027  and potential acquisitions in Portugal and India.These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations  estimates  assumptions  plans and projections regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts  nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this announcement. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties  a number of which may be beyond the Group’s control  there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  the Group’s leading brands not meeting consumer preferences  the Group’s ability to innovate and remain competitive  the Group’s investment choices in its portfolio management  significant changes or deterioration of customer relationships  the recruitment and retention of talented employees  disruptions in the Group’s supply chain and distribution  Group’s reliance on Unilever  increases or volatile in the cost of raw materials and commodities  the Group’s ability to maintain secure and reliable IT infrastructure  economic  social and political risks and natural disasters  financial risks and the Group’s management of regulatory  tax and legal matters. As a consequence  these forward-looking statements should be considered in light of various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements are based on the Group’s beliefs  assumptions and expectations of its future performance  taking into account all information currently available to the Group. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs  assumptions  and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors  not all of which are known to the Group. If a change occurs  the Group’s business  financial condition  liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in the Group’s forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. New risks and uncertainties arise over time  and it is not possible for the Group to predict those events or how they may affect it. In addition  the Group cannot assess the impact of each factor on its business or the extent to which any factors or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. When evaluating forward looking statements  you should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events.Market and Industry InformationAll references to market share  market data  industry statistics and industry forecasts in this document consist of estimates compiled by industry professionals  competitors  organisations or analysts  of publicly available information or of the Group’s own assessment of its sales and markets. Rankings are based on sales unless otherwise stated.ComparabilityPrior to 1 July 2025  the Group did not operate as a standalone Group. Whilst a part of Unilever  the Group has historically been reported as an operating segment under IFRS 8 in Unilever’s annual report and interim financial reporting ('Ice Cream'). The basis of preparation of the financial information utilised in this announcement is in Appendix A and differs from the Ice Cream segment as presented historically in Unilever’s financial reporting. As a result  while the two sets of financial information are similar  there are certain differences in accounting and disclosure under IFRS. These differences primarily include:Removal of countries (Russia  India  Portugal) which are not in the carve-out perimeter  but historically reported within ‘Ice Cream’Other minor adjustmentsNon-IFRS Financial Measures DefinitionsThe information in this announcement contains certain measures not defined by  or calculated in accordance with  IFRS  including Organic Sales Growth (OSG)  Organic Price Growth (OPG)  Organic Volume Growth (OVG)  Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBITDA margin  Adjusted EBIT  Adjusted EBIT margin  Adjusted Earnings per Share  Free Cash Flow  Net Debt and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate. The non-IFRS financial measures presented in this announcement may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies  have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation  or as a substitute for  financial information presented in compliance with IFRS. The definition and reconciliation with IFRS measures are presented in Appendix B.This announcement contains inside information which is disclosed in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulations.Appendix A Selection of financial information (unaudited)The selection of financial information includes consolidated preliminary financial statements of TMICC as at 31 December 2025 which comprise TMICC and its subsidiaries (the Group). This does not constitute full IFRS financial statements which will be included in our Annual Report.Basis of preparation for the selected financial informationThe Group results from the demerger of the Ice Cream Business previously owned by Unilever PLC and is publicly listed with its shares admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange  and the New York Stock Exchange on 8 December 2025 (the Admission).In preparation for the planned demerger  the Ice Cream business was separated within Unilever into a distinct legal structure. This separation was substantially completed on  or with effect from  1 July 2025  following which the Group entered into a number of transitional arrangements with Unilever to support business continuity during the “Transitional Period”. The Transitional Period is the period of 30 months following 1 July 2025. These arrangements included local operating model arrangements (OMAs) and a Global Transitional Services Agreement (GTSA).The separation was executed as one single economic event yet sequenced via legal proceedings and activities on 1 July 2025  6 October 2025  31 October 2025  and 8 December 2025. Unilever had control over the Ice Cream business throughout this separation  and therefore the combination was done under common control. The combination was accounted for using the predecessor accounting method. Consequently  the carrying amounts as at the date of the transfers were used.For the comparative period and for transactions up to the completion of the separation  the consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if the ice-cream business previously owned by Unilever had been part of the Group for all such periods  and as if the Group existed as a separate group.All other accounting policies and methods of computation applied in these consolidated preliminary financial statements are consistent with those used for the year ended 31 December 2024 as disclosed in the 2024 Combined Carve‑Out Financial Statements as approved by and filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten  the AFM)  and separately approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”)  as well as included in the registration statement filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).The measurement principles of the consolidated preliminary financial statements are:in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European Union.presented in euros (the functional and presentation currency of the Group)  andon a going‑concern basisat current exchange rates with the consolidated income statement  consolidated statement of comprehensive income  consolidated statement of changes in equity  and consolidated cash flow statement translated at average exchange rates for each period (or at the transaction rate when more appropriate) and the consolidated balance sheet translated at period‑end exchange rates.No new standards or amendments issued by the IASB and effective from 1 January 2025 were applicable or material to the Group. All other new standards or amendments issued but not yet effective have not been early adopted by the Group and are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.Due to rounding  amounts may not add up to totals presented. All reported data are unaudited.Consolidated Income Statement (unaudited)In millions of € 2025 2024 Change % Revenue 7 910 7 947 (37) (0.5) Operating Profit 599 764 (165) (21.6) Net finance costs (121)(17) (104) 611.8 - Pensions and similar obligations (9) (12) - Finance income 27 2 - Finance costs(139) (7) Net monetary loss arising from hyperinflationary economies (31) - (31) 100 Profit before taxation 447 747 (300) (40.2) Taxation (140) (152) 12 (7.9) Net Profit 307595 (288) (48.4) Attributable to: Non-controlling interests 14 16 Shareholders’ equity 293 579 Earnings per share Basic earnings per share (€) 0.48 Diluted earnings per share (€)0.48Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)In millions of € 2025 2024 Net profit 307 595 Other comprehensive income Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  net of tax: Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans 46 38 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  net of tax: Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges (81) 88 Currency retranslation gain/(loss) (238) 137 Total comprehensive income 34 858 Attributable to: Non-controlling interests 11 17 Shareholders’ equity 23 841Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited)In millions of € 31 Dec 2025 31 Dec 2024 Assets Non-current assets Goodwill 510 585 Intangible assets 731 793 Property  plant and equipment 2 306 2 355 Pension asset for funded schemes in surplus 78 — Deferred tax assets 520 130 Other non-current assets 186 29 4 331 3 892 Current assets Inventories 873 920 Trade and other current receivables 1 790 635 Current tax assets 45 4 Cash and cash equivalents 441 70 Other financial assets 8 - 3 157 1 629 Total assets 7 488 5 521 Non-current liabilities Financial liabilities 3 311 248 Pensions and post-retirement healthcare liabilities : Funded schemes in deficit 1 6 Unfunded schemes 75 92 Provisions 31 39 Deferred tax liabilities 206 298 Other non-current liabilities 124 8 3 748 691 Current liabilities Financial liabilities 105 85 Trade payables and other current liabilities 2 921 1 818 Current tax liabilities 42 24 Provisions 39 102 3 107 2 029 Total liabilities 6 855 2 720 Equity Shareholders’ equity 625 2 778 Non-controlling interests 8 23 Total equity 633 2 801 Total liabilities and equity 7 488 5 521Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (unaudited)In millions of € 31 Dec 2025 31 Dec 2024 2024 Net profit 307 595 Taxation 140 152 Net monetary loss arising from hyperinflation 31 - Net finance costs 121 17 Operating profit 599 764 Adjustments for: Depreciation  amortisation and impairment 338 376 Non-cash charge for share-based compensation 35 32 Elimination of loss on disposals 15 - Change in working capital Inventories (49) 3 Trade and other receivables (1 514) 41 Trade payables and other liabilities 1 332 26 Pensions and similar obligations less payments (34) (34) Provision less payments (73) 41 Other adjustments - 4 Cash flow from operating activities 649 1 253 Income tax paid (166) (140) Net cash flow from operating activities 483 1 113 Interest received 15 2 Purchase of intangible assets (3) - Purchase of property plant and equipment (357) (321) Disposal of property  plant and equipment 30 22 Acquisition of businesses - (61) Disposal of other non-current investments - (1) Net cash flow used in investing activities (315) (359) Dividends paid to Unilever (83) (11) Interest paid (130) (13) Additional financial liabilities 3 078 2 Lease payments (56) (39) Transactions with Unilever (2 595) (676) Other financing activities (9) - Net cash flow (used in)/ From financing activities 205 (737) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 373 17 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 67 50 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes (4) - Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (a) 436 67(a) Net of overdrafts of €5 million in 2025 and €3 million in 2024.Segmental reportingFull Year Europe ANZ Americas AMEA Total In millions of € Revenue 2025 3 192 2 757 1 961 7 910 2024 3 109 2 887 1 951 7 947 Operating Profit 2025 168 169 262 599 2024 228 228 308 764 Adjusted EBIT 2025 294 285 337 917 2024 317 296 351 964 Adjusted EBITDA 2025 419 388 448 1 255 2024 454 425 461 1 340 Adjusted EBIT Margin % 2025 9.2% 10.4% 17.2% 11.6% 2024 10.2% 10.3% 18.0% 12.1% Adjusted EBITDA Margin % 2025 13.1% 14.1% 22.9% 15.9% 2024 14.6% 14.7% 23.6% 16.9%Events after the balance sheet dateThere are no material post balance sheet events other than those mentioned elsewhere in this report.Appendix B Definitions and Reconciliation of non-IFRS Financial measuresThe sections below provide reconciliations of the closest measures prepared in accordance with IFRS to the non-IFRS measures used by the Group.Constant currencyThe Group uses “constant rate” and “organic” measures primarily for internal performance analysis and targeting purposes. The Group presents certain items  percentages and movements  using constant exchange rates  which do not include the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Constant currency values are calculated by translating both the current and the prior period local currency amounts using the prior year average exchange rates into euro  except for the local currency of entities that operate in hyperinflationary economies. These currencies are translated into euros using the prior year closing exchange rate before the application of IAS 29.OSG  OVG  OPGOSG refers to the increase in revenue for the period  excluding any change in revenue resulting from disposals  changes in currency and price growth in excess of 26%. in hyperinflationary economies. Inflation of 26%. per year compounded over three years is one of the key indicators within IAS 29 to assess whether an economy is deemed to be hyperinflationary. The impact of disposals is excluded from OSG for a period of 12 calendar months from the applicable closing date. OSG includes increases or decreases in sales of an acquired business immediately following the business combination  unless a reliable historical baseline is not available for the 12 months prior to the acquisition  in which case sales during the first 12 months of the acquisition are excluded from OSG. The Group believes this measure provides valuable additional information on the organic sales performance of the business and it is a key measure used internally.OVG is part of OSG and means  for the applicable period  the increase in revenue in such period calculated as the sum of: (i) the increase in revenue attributable to the volume of products sold; and (ii) the increase in revenue attributable to the composition of products sold during such period. OVG therefore excludes any impact on OSG due to changes in prices.OPG is part of OSG and means  for the applicable period  the increase in revenue attributable to changes in prices during the period. OPG therefore excludes the impact to OSG due to: (i) the volume of products sold; and (ii) the composition of products sold during the period. In determining changes in price  the Group excludes the impact of price growth in excess of 26%.per year in hyperinflationary economies as explained in OSG above.The following table presents a reconciliation of changes in the IFRS measure of revenue to OSG for FY2025 and FY2024:FY2025 FY2024 Revenue (in millions of €) 7 910 7 947 Revenue growth(a) (%) (0.5) 4.3 Effect of acquisitions(b) (%) 0.0 1.4 Effect of disposals(c) (%) (0.1) — Effect of currency-related items(d) (%) (4.3) — of which: Exchange rate changes (%) (5.3) (1.8) Extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets (%) 1.0 1.8 OSG(e) (%) 4.2 2.8 Of which: OVG(f) 1.5 1.1 OPG(g) 2.6 1.7(a) Revenue growth is calculated as current year revenue minus prior year revenue divided by prior year revenue.(b) Effect of acquisitions is calculated using constant exchange rates and is the difference between revenue growth and what revenue growth would have been if the revenue associated with acquisitions was removed from the current year. This excludes the change in revenue of the acquisitions compared to their historical base  if this change has been included in the OSG.(c) Effect of disposals is calculated using constant exchange rates and is the difference between revenue growth and what revenue growth would have been if the revenue associated with disposals was removed from the prior year.(d) Effect of currency-related items is comprised of the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements on revenue growth and price growth in excess of 26%. per year in hyperinflationary economies which is excluded from OSG. The calculation of effect of currency-related items is as follows: Effect of currency-related items = [(1+Effect of exchange rate changes) multiplied by (1+ Effect of extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets)] minus 1. There may be minor discrepancies between the number arrived at through the application of this calculation and the final figure set out above  which is as a result of rounding.(e) OSG is revenue growth Adjusted to remove the impacts of acquisitions  disposals and the impact of currency-related items (being movements in exchange rates and extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets). The calculation of OSG is as follows: (1 plus revenue growth) divided by [(1 plus effect of acquisitions) multiplied by (1 plus effect of disposals) multiplied by (1 plus effect of currency related items)] minus 1. There may be minor discrepancies between the number arrived at through the application of this calculation and the final figure set out above  which is as a result of rounding. The reconciliation of OSG to revenue is as set out in the table above.(f) OVG and OPG are multiplied on a compounded basis to arrive at OSG through application of the following formula: OSG equals (1 plus OVG) multiplied by (1 plus OPG) minus 1.(g) OPG in excess of 26% per year in hyperinflationary economies has been excluded when calculating the OSG in the tables above  and an equal and opposite amount is shown as extreme price growth in hyperinflationary markets.Adjusting itemsSeveral non-IFRS measures are Adjusted to exclude items defined as adjusting. Management considers adjusting items to be significant  or unusual or non-recurring in nature and so believe that separately identifying them helps in understanding the financial performance of the Group from period to period.Adjusting items within operating profit are:gains or losses on business disposals which arise from business disposal projects;restructuring costs which are costs that are directly attributable to a restructuring project. Management defines a restructuring project as a strategic  major initiative that delivers cost savings and materially changes either the scope of the business or the manner in which the business is conducted;impairments of assets which includes impairments of goodwill  intangible assets  and property  plant and equipment; andother approved items which are any additional matters considered by management to be significant and outside the course of normal operations;acquisition and disposal-related costs which are costs that are directly attributable to a business acquisition or disposal project.Adjusting items not in operating profit but within net profit are net monetary gain/(loss) arising from hyperinflationary economies and significant and unusual items in net finance cost and taxation.Several non-IFRS measures are Adjusted to exclude items defined as adjusting. The following table sets out the calculation of adjusting items for FY2025 and FY2024.In millions of € FY2025 FY2024 Acquisition and disposal-related costs(a) (302) (64) Restructuring costs(b) (10) (137) Other (6) 1 Total adjusting items within operating profit (318) (200) Net monetary loss (31) - Total adjusting items not in operating profit (31) -(a) FY2025 and FY2024 comprises the charge relating to the separation and establishment.(b) FY2025 comprises a net release of €40 million related to the restructuring provision  which was offset by charges of €50 million related to supply chain projects and other corporate initiatives. The release was driven by a significantly higher redeployment of employees in 2025 that were due to exit at the end of 2024. FY2024 includes restructuring costs of €54 million relating to the separation  and a cost of €16 million for supply chain transformation projects.Adjusted EBIT  Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBIT margin  Adjusted EBITDA marginAdjusted EBIT is defined as operating profit before the impact of adjusting items within operating profit. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Adjusted EBIT before the impact of depreciation  amortisation. Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBIT margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT divided by revenue for the period. Those measures are used to evaluate the performance of the Group and its segments. Items are classified as adjusting due to their nature and/or frequency of occurrence. The Group’s management believes this measure provides useful information in understanding and evaluating the Group’s operating results.The following table sets out a reconciliation of net profit to Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBITDA for FY2025 and FY2024 as well as Revenue to Adjusted EBIT margin and Adjusted EBIDA margin.In millions of € FY2025 FY2024 Revenue 7 910 7 947 Net profit 307 595 Net finance costs 121 17 Net monetary loss arising from hyperinflationary economies 31 — Taxation 140 152 Operating profit 599 764 Adjusting items ‘within operating profit’ 318 200 Adjusted EBIT 917 964 Adjusted EBIT margin 11.6% 12.1% Depreciation and amortisation 338 376 Adjusted EBITDA 1 255 1 340 Adjusted EBITDA margin 15.9% 16.9%Adjusted Earnings per Share (Adjusted EPS)Adjusted earnings per share (Adjusted EPS) is calculated as profit attributable to shareholders’ equity net of adjusting items divided by the diluted average number of ordinary shares. In calculating profit attributable to shareholders’ equity net of adjusting items  net profit attributable to shareholders’ equity is Adjusted to eliminate the post-tax impact of adjusting items. This measure removes the impact of non-recurring  one-off items from earnings per share and provides better visibility of the underlying performance.The reconciliation of net profit attributable to shareholders’ equity to profit attributable to shareholders’ equity net of adjusting items is as follows:In millions of € FY2025 Net Profit 307 Non-controlling interests (14) Net profit attributable to shareholders’ equity – used for basic and diluted earnings per share 293 Post-tax impact of adjusting items 281 Profit attributable to shareholders’ equity net of adjusting items – used for Adjusted earnings per share 574 Diluted average number of shares (millions of share units) 616 Diluted EPS (€) 0.48 Adjusted EPS - diluted 0.93Free Cash Flow (FCF)FCF is defined as net cash flow from operating activities  less net capital expenditure and net interest payments. It does not represent residual cash flows entirely available for discretionary purposes; for example  the repayment of principal amounts borrowed is not deducted from FCF. FCF reflects an additional way of viewing the Group’s liquidity that management believes is useful to investors because it represents cash flows that could be used for distribution of dividends  repayment of debt or to fund the Group’s strategic initiatives  including acquisitions  if any.The following table sets out a reconciliation of net cash flow from operating activities to FCF for FY2025 and FY 2024:In millions of € FY2025 FY2024 Net cash flow from operating activities 483 1 113 Net capital expenditure (330) (299) Net interest paid (115) (11) FCF 38 803 Net cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (315) (359) Net cash flow used in financing activities 205 (737)Net DebtNet Debt is defined as the excess of total financial liabilities over cash and cash equivalents  other current financial assets and non-current financial asset derivatives that relate to financial liabilities. Management believes Net Debt provides valuable additional information on the summary presentation of the Group’s net financial liabilities and is a measure in common use elsewhere.The following table sets out a reconciliation of total financial liabilities to Net Debt for FY2025 and FY2024:In millions of € FY2025 FY2024 Total financial liabilities (3 416) (333) - Current (105) (85) - Non-current (3 311) (248) Cash and cash equivalents 441 70 Other current financial assets 8 - Net debt (2 967) (263)Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (Adjusted ETR)The Adjusted effective tax rate is calculated by dividing taxation excluding the tax impact of adjusting items by profit before tax excluding the impact of adjusting items. This measure reflects the Adjusted effective tax rate in relation to profit before tax excluding adjusting items before tax.This is shown in the table below:in millions of €FY2025 FY2024 Taxation 140 152 Tax impact of: Adjusting items within operating profit (a) 75 50 Adjusting items not in operating profit but within net profit (b) (8) 6 Taxation before tax impact of adjusting items 207 208 Profit before taxation 447 747 Adjusting items within operating profit before tax (c) 318 200 Adjusting items not in operation profit but within net profit before tax (d) 31 - Profit before tax excluding adjusting items before tax 796 947 Effective tax rate(%) 31.3% 20.3% Adjusted effective tax rate (%) 26.0% 21.9%(a) Tax impact of adjusting items within operating profit is the sum of the tax on each adjusting item  based on the applicable country tax rates and tax treatment(b) Deferred tax effect of hyperinflationary adjustments(c) See Note “Adjusting items”(d) Net monetary loss,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['2025 Full Year Results', 'growing global ice cream market', 'high single-digit organic sales growth', 'low single-digit organic sales growth', 'Chinese multi-layer sticks innovation', 'next generation MAX cone', 'broad-based organic sales growth', '3% to 5% organic sales growth', 'successful Brazilian bites formats', 'TMICC Group performance review', '4.2% organic sales growth', '4.3% Organic Sales Growth', 'Transitional Service Agreements', 'debut €3 billion bond', 'Peter Ter Kulve', 'elevated commodity inflation', 'dedicated sales force', 'Free Cash Flow', 'powerful growth drivers', 'forex translation effect', 'Organic Price Growth', 'front-line first model', 'underlying margin improvement', 'solid operational performance', 'New York Highlights', 'Organic Volume Growth', 'complex company separation', 'four leading brands', 'most key markets', 'TSA-related cash costs', '2025 Full year results', 'market share gains', '964 Operating profit margin', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'growing channel', 'largest market', 'global launch', 'snackable bites', 'leading position', 'operational rigour', '1.5% volume growth', 'growth strategy', 'profitable growth', 'driving force', 'key currencies', 'multiple markets', 'revenue growth', 'EBIT margin', 'restructuring costs', 'depreciation costs', '150 new launches', '25 new flavour', 'first year', 'Cornetto Max', 'Group revenue', 'net increase', 'Productivity programme', '€180 million savings', 'long-term funding', '803 Diluted Earnings', 'Adjusted Earnings', 'continued momentum', 'pricing actions', 'FX movements', 'strong foundation', 'stakeholder value', 'hard work', 'healthy balance', 'double-digit increase', 'Turkish lira', 'format combinations', 'mini cups', 'layered texture', 'premium ingredients', 'Türkiye', 'Asian roll', 'Digital commerce', 'previous year', 'The Heartbrand', 'Magnum Utopia', 'disciplined execution', 'three regions', 'negative impact', 'US dollar', 'Magnum Bonbons', 'FY 2025 revenue', 'FY 2024 Revenue', 'Amsterdam', '12 February', 'OSG', 'H2', 'TSAs', 'track', 'Demerger', 'listings', 'London', 'percentage', 'billions', 'millions', 'FCF', 'CEO', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'availability', 'fundamentals', 'business', 'colleagues', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'ANZ', 'Americas', 'AMEA', 'strengthening', 'rollout', 'Nordics', 'Spain', 'Poland', 'introduction', 'pints', 'tubs', 'scooping', 'Latam', 'channels']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236841/0/en/Ontex-2025-results.html,Ontex 2025 results,Regulated information  Challenging 2025  with results in line with latest outlook  but significantly lower than initial expectations; Clear priorities set...,Regulated informationChallenging 2025  with results in line with latest outlook  but significantly lower than initial expectations; Clear priorities set for 2026 to resume profit growth and improve cash generation  and strategic review initiatedFull year results in line with latest reviewed outlook:Revenue decreased by 4.9% LFL and adj. EBITDA margin by 2pp to 10%  on soft demand for baby care retailer brands and supply chain constraints;Net debt reduced by 6%  despite negative FCF  thanks to net proceeds from the completion of the Emerging Markets divestments  while leverage increased to 3.3x on lower adj. EBITDA;Recent challenges being addressed with clear priorities set for 2026 to resume volume growth  extend the cost transformation program  as well as laser focus on cash;Targeting adj. EBITDA growth of 10% in 2026  albeit gradually improving throughout the year from soft Q1  thereby leading to positive FCF and leverage to drop to 3x or lower by year end;Strategic review initiated to unlock additional value creation.CEO quoteLaurent Nielly  Ontex’s CEO  said: “I am honored by the Board’s trust to lead the company in this difficult moment. Our performance in 2025 has clearly not met expectations. While we continued to make progress to transform the business  the pace was not enough to compensate for the market unexpected demand drop and our own execution challenges. While we have started a review of the strategy  we are focusing on the execution of our existing plans with stronger financial discipline. We aim to resume adjusted EBITDA growth  while continuing to find additional fuel to reestablish the baseline for sustained growth as the year progresses. We have strong assets and people  and I am convinced that the work started will allow us to unlock Ontex’s intrinsic value.”FY 2025 results summaryRevenue was €1 762 million  a ‑4.9% like-for-like decrease  entirely linked to lower volumes  with improving product mix offsetting limited targeted price decreases. Demand for baby care retailer brands dropped in Europe and North America  on low consumer demand amplified by intense A-brand promotions. Ontex’s sales volumes in baby care decreased more  linked to its specific regional and customer exposure  as well as customer destocking and supply chain constraints  which also affected other product categories. Ontex’s volumes in feminine care were slightly down  largely in line with market demand  while growth in adult care continued albeit at a lower pace.was €1 762 million  a ‑4.9% like-for-like decrease  entirely linked to lower volumes  with improving product mix offsetting limited targeted price decreases. Demand for baby care retailer brands dropped in Europe and North America  on low consumer demand amplified by intense A-brand promotions. Ontex’s sales volumes in baby care decreased more  linked to its specific regional and customer exposure  as well as customer destocking and supply chain constraints  which also affected other product categories. Ontex’s volumes in feminine care were slightly down  largely in line with market demand  while growth in adult care continued albeit at a lower pace. Adjusted EBITDA was €176 million  compared to €223 million in 2024  representing a margin contraction by ‑2.0pp to 10.0%. The decrease largely reflects the impact of the revenue reduction  including the effect of lower fixed cost absorption. The cost transformation program helped to mitigate most of the higher costs  caused by inflation and raw material indices  as well as by temporary inefficiencies.was €176 million  compared to €223 million in 2024  representing a margin contraction by ‑2.0pp to 10.0%. The decrease largely reflects the impact of the revenue reduction  including the effect of lower fixed cost absorption. The cost transformation program helped to mitigate most of the higher costs  caused by inflation and raw material indices  as well as by temporary inefficiencies. Operating profit was €79 million  compared to €76 million in 2024. It includes €(19) million one-off costs  related to some additional restructuring and impairments of obsolete assets and intangibles  which is less than the €(73) million in 2024.was €79 million  compared to €76 million in 2024. It includes €(19) million one-off costs  related to some additional restructuring and impairments of obsolete assets and intangibles  which is less than the €(73) million in 2024. Free cash flow was €(25) million  compared to €48 million in 2024. The decrease reflects the lower adjusted EBITDA contribution  the business scope reduction following the divestments  and higher financing cash-out  while restructuring cash-out remained high. This was partly compensated by lower capital expenditure.was €(25) million  compared to €48 million in 2024. The decrease reflects the lower adjusted EBITDA contribution  the business scope reduction following the divestments  and higher financing cash-out  while restructuring cash-out remained high. This was partly compensated by lower capital expenditure. Net financial debt was €577 million at year end  compared to €612 million at the year start. The €35 million decrease over the period is linked to the net divestment proceeds  which more than offset the negative free cash flow  the cash-out for the share buy-back and an increase in lease liabilities  as some real estate contracts were renewed. The lower EBITDA contribution  however  drove the leverage ratio up from 2.46x to 3.29x.Q4 2025 results summaryRevenue was €436 million  ‑7.6% lower like for like year on year and ‑2.1% lower quarter on quarter. Pricing remained at the third quarter level  but was slightly down versus last year  offset by mix improvement. Market demand for baby and feminine care came down further in Europe sequentially  leading to lower sales volumes. This was also the case for baby care in North America  especially in contract manufacturing  whereas in retailer brands  the contract gains offset the market contraction.was €436 million  ‑7.6% lower like for like year on year and ‑2.1% lower quarter on quarter. Pricing remained at the third quarter level  but was slightly down versus last year  offset by mix improvement. Market demand for baby and feminine care came down further in Europe sequentially  leading to lower sales volumes. This was also the case for baby care in North America  especially in contract manufacturing  whereas in retailer brands  the contract gains offset the market contraction. Adjusted EBITDA was €39 million  compared to €57 million in 2024  representing a margin contraction by ‑3.0pp to 8.9% year on year  and by ‑2.4pp quarter on quarter. The decrease reflects primarily the lower revenue impact. While the cost transformation program continued to deliver solid results  these were insufficient to compensate for the higher costs and the inventory level adjustments.was €39 million  compared to €57 million in 2024  representing a margin contraction by ‑3.0pp to 8.9% year on year  and by ‑2.4pp quarter on quarter. The decrease reflects primarily the lower revenue impact. While the cost transformation program continued to deliver solid results  these were insufficient to compensate for the higher costs and the inventory level adjustments. Operating profit was €7 million  including €(12) million one-off costs  linked to some additional restructuring and impairment of obsolete assets and intangibles.Strategic developments in FY 2025Ontex concluded the divestment of its remaining Emerging Markets businesses  with the Brazilian business sold in April  and the Turkish business in November. These divestments generated €131 million net proceeds combined  albeit that this amount remains subject to customary balance sheet adjustments and transaction costs.of its remaining Emerging Markets businesses  with the Brazilian business sold in April  and the Turkish business in November. These divestments generated €131 million net proceeds combined  albeit that this amount remains subject to customary balance sheet adjustments and transaction costs. In March  Ontex issued a €400 million high-yield bond which matures in April 2030 and holds a fixed interest rate of 5.25%. This bond replaces the former €580 million high-yield bond  which has been repaid to the bond holders.which matures in April 2030 and holds a fixed interest rate of 5.25%. This bond replaces the former €580 million high-yield bond  which has been repaid to the bond holders. In December  Ontex announced a leadership transition  with Gustavo Calvo Paz handing over the CEO responsibility to Laurent Nielly  the former President of the European business. Subsequent to this change a strategic review was initiated  with regular updates to be shared as progress is made.2026 outlookMarket circumstances in 2026 are anticipated to remain challenging  with continued soft baby care demand and persistent A-brand promotional activity. Adult care demand  however  is expected to continue to be supported by demographic and societal trends.Ontex aims for a gradual improvement in performance throughout the year  underpinned by the continued ramp-up of recently gained contracts and the extension of the cost transformation program. The ambitions for the year are thereby set as follows:Adjusted EBITDA is to increase by around 10% overall  based on a largely stable revenue and net efficiency improvements. The improvement will be gradual through the year  starting from a soft first quarter  which is expected in line with the fourth quarter of 2025  but therefore lower than the strong first quarter of 2025.is to increase by around 10% overall  based on a largely stable revenue and net efficiency improvements. The improvement will be gradual through the year  starting from a soft first quarter  which is expected in line with the fourth quarter of 2025  but therefore lower than the strong first quarter of 2025. Free cash flow is to turn positive  based on the EBITDA improvement and lower transformation-related capital expenditure and restructuring cash-out;is to turn positive  based on the EBITDA improvement and lower transformation-related capital expenditure and restructuring cash-out; Leverage is to drop to 3x or lower by year end.Key business indicatorsBusiness results Q4 Year in € million 2025 2024 % % LFL 2025 2024 % % LFL Revenue 436.0 476.5 -8.5% -7.6% 1 761.6 1 860.5 -5.3% -4.9% Adult Care 206.8 205.7 +0.5% +0.3% 814.1 800.5 +1.7% +1.6% Baby Care 168.5 201.4 -16% -14% 696.6 793.4 -12% -11% Feminine Care 54.5 59.5 -8.4% -7.9% 228.2 236.6 -3.6% -3.3% Operating expenses (excl. DA) (397.1) (419.7) +5.4% (1 586.0) (1 637.9) +3.2% Adj. EBITDA 38.8 56.8 -32% 175.6 222.6 -21% Adj. EBITDA margin 8.9% 11.9% -3.0pp 10.0% 12.0% -2.0pp (EBITDA adjustments) (11.9) (1.5) n.a. (19.1) (72.7) +74% Depreciation & amortization (20.1) (19.0) -5.7% (77.5) (74.1) -4.6% Operating profit 6.9 36.3 -81% 79.0 75.8 +4.2%Revenue 2024 Volume Price 2025 Forex 2025 in € million /mix LFL Q4 476.5 -37.0 +0.7 440.1 -4.2 436.0 -7.8% +0.1% -7.6% -0.9% -8.5% Year 1 860.5 -93.5 +2.6 1 769.6 -8.0 1 761.6 -5.0% +0.1% -4.9% -0.4% -5.3% Adj. EBITDA 2024 Reve- Raw Operat. Operat. SG&A/ Forex 2025 in € million nue mat'ls costs savings Other Q4 56.8 -14.1 -9.0 -12.9 +18.0 -1.4 +1.5 38.8 -25% -16% -23% +32% -2.5% +2.6% -32% Year 222.6 -40.2 -38.2 -44.1 +68.5 +5.9 +1.0 175.6 -18% -17% -20% +31% +2.6% +0.5% -21%Full year 2025 business reviewRevenueRevenue was €1 762 million  a ‑4.9% like-for-like decrease  with most of the decrease coming from ‑5.0% lower volumes  primarily in baby care. The lower demand was largely market-driven and amplified by supply chain constraints  including the Segovia plant outage and the unavailability of certain packaging materials in the first half of the year. The product mix improved  offsetting a slight overall price decrease.Baby care volumes were down by ‑12%. Consumer demand in Europe was down by mid single digits  caused by declining birth rate and lower consumer confidence  and demand for retailer brands came down more  i.e. by high single digits  due to intense promotional activity by branded players. Ontex’s volumes were down more  due to its specific regional and customer exposure  and particularly in the first half of the year  by customer destocking and supply chain inefficiencies. The decrease was largely caused by the decline in baby diapers  whereas baby pants sales were more resilient. While overall consumer demand in North America was down by low single digits  which is less than in Europe  retailer brands lost share on the back of execution challenges for some retailers and the continued push by branded players. While Ontex grew by double digit in retailer brands in the region  outperforming market demand thanks to contract gains  a significant contraction in contract manufacturing meant that overall sales in North America were down by mid single digit.Feminine care volumes were down by ‑2.4%  largely in line with lower consumer demand in Europe  which was down by low single digits. While retailer brands gained some share  Ontex was impacted by the above-mentioned supply chain inefficiencies.Adult care volumes were up by 1.1%. Demand in the healthcare channel remained largely stable in Europe  while demand continued to grow in the retail channel by mid single digits. Ontex’s large exposure to healthcare means that it grew relatively less  also as the build-up of new capacity encountered some delays. Ontex is ramping up  with new capacity becoming fully operational in the first half of 2026.Sales prices  including mix  had no material impact. While prices came down somewhat across categories  the effect was most pronounced in baby care. The decrease is mainly the result of carry-over from the previous year  which was expected  reflecting adjustments in 2024 for the decrease of raw material price indices in 2023  and some selective price investments.Forex fluctuations had a ‑0.4% negative impact in total and was mainly caused by the depreciation of the British pound  the Australian dollar and especially the US dollar.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA was €176 million  compared to €223 million in 2024. The decline reflects the €(40) million impact of lower revenue  which includes the effect of lower fixed cost absorption. The cost transformation program helped to mitigate the impact of higher costs and temporary inefficiencies  leaving an €(8) million net cost impact.Raw material costs rose by some 4%  resulting in a €(38) million impact. Raw material prices were up especially for packaging materials  super-absorbent polymers and fluff  the latter largely driven by higher indices. Raw material price indices spiked in the first half of the year to come down since  albeit on average still at a higher level than in 2024.Other operating costs were up by about 8%  resulting in a €(44) million impact. A large part is linked to inflation of salaries and of logistic and other services  while the rest was linked to temporary inefficiencies  especially in the first half of the year. These included costs in North America to anticipate the production ramp-up and the tariff mitigation  as well costs to compensate for the supply chain constraints in Europe.The cost transformation program delivered €69 million net savings  which represents a strong efficiency gain in operating costs by some 5%  and this despite the lower volume base. These savings came from actions in procurement and logistics  efficiency gains in manufacturing  including the transformation of Ontex’s Belgian operational footprint  and product design.SG&A costs were €6 million lower  representing a 3% cost decrease. The inflation of salaries was more than offset by the impact of lower results on variable remuneration and by cost containment efforts.Forex fluctuations had a €1 million net positive impact.The adjusted EBITDA margin contracted by ‑2.0pp to 10.0%  reflecting the operating leverage effect from lower volumes mostly.Q4 2025 business reviewRevenueRevenue was €436 million  a ‑7.6% like-for-like decrease compared to 2024  and ‑2.1% compared to the previous quarter  entirely related to lower volumes on both bases.Baby care volumes were down by ‑16.7%. In Europe  consumer demand softened by mid single digits and intense promotional activity by branded players disproportionally affected retailer brands  which fell by high single digits. Ontex’s volumes decreased more  by double digits  due to its particular regional and customer exposure. In North America  overall demand was down by low single digits and by double digits for retailer brands  also due to pursued A-brand promotional activity. Ontex sales volumes in the region were down by double digits  as the contraction in contract manufacturing tightened further  while sales volumes in retailer brands were more robust  outperforming the market demand thanks to the new contracts that ramped up in the second half of the year.Femine care volumes were down by ‑4.6%  specifically in tampons  which reflects the overall lower demand in Europe by low single digits.Adult care volumes were stable  contrasting with the continuing demographic-driven growth for adult care in the European retail channel with mid single digits. This is due to Ontex’s large exposure to the healthcare channel  where demand is more stable  and the afore-mentioned temporary capacity constraints.Sales prices  including mix effects  were largely flat. Prices were down slightly  in particular in baby care. The relative growth of higher added-value products  such as pants  had a positive effects on the mix however  offsetting the negative price impact.Forex fluctuations had a slight negative impact of ‑0.9% overall  caused by the depreciation of the Australian and especially the US dollar  as well as the British pound.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA was €39 million  compared to €57 million in 2024. The decline reflects both the €(14) million impact of the revenue drop  including the effect of lower fixed cost absorption from lower volumes  and the net cost increase by €(5) million. Continued delivery on the cost transformation program was not sufficient to compensate the impact of the higher raw material and other operating costs.Higher raw material costs resulted in a €(9) million impact. While indices and prices have been coming down in the second half from the spike in the first half  inventory level adjustments delayed the impact.Other operating costs were up by €(13) million  largely linked to salary inflation  and higher cost for external manufacturing services and some remaining logistics inefficiencies.The cost transformation program delivered €18 million net savings  which represents a strong reduction of the operating costs by about 5%  with the largest contribution from procurement and operational efficiency gains  including the benefits from the Belgian footprint transformation.SG&A costs increased by €(1) million  mainly linked to salary inflation  partly offset by efforts to contain costs.Forex fluctuations had a slight positive impact of €1 million.The adjusted EBITDA margin contracted by ‑3.0pp year on year to 8.9%  and by ‑2.4pp quarter on quarter.Full year 2025 operational reviewSupply chainThe cost transformation program delivered €69 million savings after netting with implementation costs  which is the same level as in 2024. These initiatives impacted positively Ontex’s cost base  prior to volume and inflation effects  by about 5%. The main contributors were procurement  with simplification of the raw materials portfolio  as well as alternative materials and suppliers at the base  as well as manufacturing  including operational efficiency gains and the Belgian footprint transformation.Besides the optimization of the manufacturing footprint  Ontex supports its transformation through a currently higher level of investments as in 2024  representing some 4.5% of revenue in continuing operations in the year. About half of the expenditure was related to growth and innovation  and a quarter to efficiency improvements in the existing portfolio. Major growth projects were focused on capacity expansion in baby care in North America  and adult care in Europe.InnovationInnovation in Core Markets represented €19 million in operational and capital expenditure  a €1 million increase compared to 2024. The opening of the R&D center in Segovia  Spain  marked a major milestone in 2025. This fifth R&D hub strengthens Ontex’s innovation capabilities and shortens time-to-market.In the year  14 major product and packaging innovations were launched. In feminine care  a multi-liquid liner was launched  designed for menstrual flow  light bladder leaks  and daily vaginal discharges  addressing evolving daily needs  also around perimenopause and menopause. Consumer testing confirmed performance on par with the leading A-brand. In baby care  front-and-back barrier diapers with a navel cut-out were introduced in the US  and the Dreamshield® 360 portfolio was expanded with night pants. The first wave of platform standardization in adult pants and light incontinence pants in Europe reduced complexity  waste  and cost  further laying the foundation for scalable growth. Finally  sustainable innovation progressed with the introduction of bioSAP  lower-carbon bio-based absorbent materials  and mechanically post-consumer recycled packaging. All Ontex’s innovation is thoroughly tested with consumers  to guarantee that new solutions offered to customers are comparable to leading A-brand standards.Sustainability [1]Ontex takes the safety of its employees to heart. In 2025 the accident frequency rate was 2.61  improving by -32% versus 3.82 lost workday cases per million worked hours in 2024  and -63% [2] compared to the base year 2020. The improvement is the result of the effective deployment of the H&S program as part of the company’s sustainability strategy  embedding it in the way the Group operates and make decisions every day. It reinforces safety leadership  safe behaviors  and safe conditions through compliance  risk assessment  daily H&S management  and asset protection.Ontex is also committed to reducing its environmental footprint. Also in 2025  actions were undertaken to support Ontex’s long-term climate strategy  investing in energy efficiency initiatives  working closely with suppliers and increasing renewable energy sourcing  thereby reaching 100% renewable electricity in its operations. Thanks to these initiatives  scope 1 & 2 emissions improved by -39% compared to 2024 (for scope 2 on a market basis)  partly linked to the lower production output in the year  and -66% versus the 2020 baseline [2]. Scope 3 emissions also decreased  by -10%  albeit that this was entirely due to the lower production volumes. This brings the metric at -7% versus the 2020 baseline [2].Ontex's sustainability efforts continue to be externally recognized  including recently by the global environmental non-profit organization CDP  with an “A” score for leadership in corporate transparency and performance on climate change  bringing Ontex in the leadership segment.[1] Preliminary unaudited figures for 2025[2] The divestments of the Brazilian and Turkish businesses  which finalize the divestment of the Emerging Markets division  led to a restatement of the baseline value  as well as the comparative information for H&S and GHG emissions (Scope 1  2 & 3)  including the targets.Key financial indicatorsFinancial results Year in € million 2025 2024 % Adj. EBITDA 175.6 222.6 -21% Depreciation & amortization (77.5) (74.1) -4.6% Net finance cost (51.1) (51.4) +0.7% Adj. income tax expense [3] (16.3) (21.3) +23% Adj. profit from continuing operations 30.7 75.8 -59% EBITDA adjustments [4] (19.1) (72.7) +74% Impact of EBITDA adjustments on income tax [3] [4] 5.0 17.9 -72% Profit from continuing operations 16.6 20.9 -21% Loss from discontinued operations (190.1) (10.7) n.a. Profit/(loss) for the period (173.5) 10.3 n.a. Basic EPS (in €) (2.16) 0.13 n.a. Capex (81.1) (112.4) +28% Free cash flow (25.1) 47.9 n.a. Net working capital [5] 89.0 117.5 -24% Net working capital / revenue [5] 5.0% 5.3% -0.3pp Gross financial debt [5] 647.4 736.3 -12% Net financial debt [5] 577.0 612.0 -5.7% Leverage ratio [5] 3.29x 2.46x +0.82x[3] The Adjusted income tax expense consists of the income tax expense  as presented in the income statement  adjusted for the impact of EBITDA adjustments.[4] EBITDA adjustments and their impact on income tax are subtracted from adjusted profit to obtain profit.[5] Balance sheet data reflect the end of the period and compare to the start of the period  i.c. December 2024.Full year 2025 financial reviewP&LDepreciation & amortization was slightly up at €(77) million  reflecting the higher investment level.EBITDA adjustments of €19 million were made. These adjust for €(6) million additional restructuring costs  mostly related to some initial initiatives for the cost transformation program for the next three years  as well as for €(13) million impairments on obsolete assets and intangibles and some minor litigation.Operating profit was thereby €79 million  compared to €76 million in 2024  with the impact of lower adjusted EBITDA more than offset by lower restructuring costs.Net finance cost was €(51) million  like in 2024. The higher coupon rate on the new high-yield bond was offset by the lower indebtedness following the divestments.Income taxes were €(11) million  compared to €(3) million in 2024  which was exceptionally lower at the time  due to by the recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets on losses.The loss from discontinued operations was €(190) million. The Emerging Markets division  which it consists of  generated revenue of €111 million and an adjusted EBITDA of €9 million. These represent the contribution of the Brazilian and Turkish businesses  until these were divested  in April and November respectively. The operating profit was €(188) million and includes the non-cash recycling of €(210) million cumulative currency translation reserves  triggered by the effective divestments  partly offset by a €15 million net gain on disposals.The loss of the period for the Total Group was €(173) million  compared to a €10 million profit the year before  and consists of the €(190) million loss from discontinued operations and €17 million profit from continuing operations. Adjusted profit from continuing operations was €31 million  compared to €76 million the year before  which is entirely due to the lower adjusted EBITDA. Basic earnings per share of the Total Group were €(2.16) compared to €0.13 in 2024.Cash flowCapital expenditure was €(81) million  representing 4.3% of the Total Group revenue. For continued operations only this was around 4.5%. Combined with lease payments of €(25) million  it represented 1.4x the depreciation. This is lower than in 2024  as the 3-year more intensive investment phase in Ontex’s transformation is coming to an end in 2025. About half of the expenditure was related to growth and innovation  and a quarter to efficiency improvements in the existing portfolio. Major growth projects were focused on capacity expansion in baby care in North America  and adult care in Europe.Free cash flow was €(25) million  reflecting the lower adjusted EBITDA contribution and the important cash-out for restructuring. The latter accounted for €(30) million and relates primarily to the Belgian operational footprint transformation  and to a lesser extent divestment and some litigation costs. Total working capital needs were stable  as the reduction in the Core Markets division (see below) was offset by an increase in the Emerging Markets division prior to its divestment. A decrease in employee benefit liabilities accounted for €(12) million  as consequent to the weaker results  variable remuneration for 2025 will be lower. Taxes accounted for €(16) million  which is higher than in 2024 due to phasing of payments to local tax authorities. Free cash flow before financing thereby came at €18 million. Payments related to financing were €(43) million  compared to €(31) million in 2024. While interest and coupon payments remained roughly similar  the delta comes from costs related to the refinancing of the high yield bond in 2025  lower interest on deposits in the Emerging Markets division in 2025 versus 2024  as well as income from the legacy interest rate swap which came to an end in December 2024.M&A proceeds were €131 million  with some €95 million from the divestment of the Brazilian business  some €30 million from the divestment of the Turkish business and some deferred receivables from the divestment of the Mexican business in 2023. These proceeds remain subject to customary balance sheet adjustments and some transaction costs in 2026  estimated between €(5) million and €(10) million. Following the divestment of the Algerian business in 2024  a cash position of €34 million remained in Algeria. While Ontex is making progress to repatriate this amount  the position can no longer be recognized as cash and was thereby reclassified as a current other financial asset. As such  proceeds from divestments  net of cash disposed and transaction costs totaled €98 million.The share buy-back program to cover for long-term incentive plans  led to the acquisition of 1 353 662 shares for €(11) million. This program  which was launched in December 2024 and finalized in April 2025  acquired 1 500 000 shares in total.Balance sheetNet working capital at the end of the period was €89 million  which compares to €103 million at the start of the period excluding assets held for sale. The decrease is attributable to the lower revenue and inventory level at the end of the year compared to 2024  as well as higher use of factoring facilities  which rose from €174 million to €185 million.Net financial debt was €577 million at the end of December  compared to €612 million for the Total Group at the start of the year. The decrease over the period is linked to the net proceeds received on divestments  including the reclassification of the cash position in Algeria  totaling €98 million  which more than offset the negative free cash flow of €(25) million  the cash-out for the share buy-back of €(11) million  as well as an increase in lease liabilities by €(21) million mostly related to some real estate contract renewals.The leverage ratio of net financial debt over adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months rose from 2.46x to 3.29x  as the latter decreased from €248 million to €176 million  as a result of the lower results and the business scope reduction.Gross financial debt reduced to €647 million. During the period the former 3.50% bond for €580 million  which would have matured in July 2026  was redeemed early. About half was repaid through a tender offer in April  and the remainder through a satisfaction and discharge mechanism in June. Meanwhile a new 5.25% bond for €400 million was emitted  which matures in April 2030. The difference in quantum was covered by the proceeds from divestments and a temporary increase in the use of the revolving credit facility  which was utilized at year end for €(100) million  37% of the €(270) million facility.The liquidity position stood comfortably at €240 million at year end  combining the €70 million of cash and cash equivalents  which now excludes the €34 million cash position in Algeria  with the unused part of the revolving credit facility of €170 million.Cumulative translation reserves decreased from €(243) million to €(32) million at the end of the period. The decrease reflects the recycling of the currency translation reserves related to the Brazilian and Turkish business through the P&L  triggered by their effective divestment. These accounted for €(142) million and €(68) million respectively. The remaining cumulative translation reserves relate primarily to Ontex’s Russian business.Consolidated financial statements for the yearConsolidated income statementConsolidated income statement Year in € million 2025 2024 Revenue 1 761.6 1 860.5 Cost of sales (1 282.2) (1 316.7) Gross Profit 479.4 543.8 Distribution expenses (211.9) (207.0) Sales and marketing expenses (81.2) (81.9) General administrative expenses (90.8) (96.3) Other operating expenses  net 2.7 (10.1) Income and expenses related to changes to Group structure (6.2) (61.9) Income and expenses related to impairments and major litigations (13.0) (10.8) Operating profit 79.0 75.8 Net finance cost (51.1) (51.4) of which finance income 5.2 4.2 of which finance costs (52.1) (49.1) of which net exchange differences relating to financing activities (4.1) (6.5) Profit before income tax 27.9 24.3 Income tax expense (11.4) (3.4) Profit for the period from continuing operations 16.6 20.9 Loss for the period from discontinued operations (190.1) (10.7) Profit/(loss) for the period (173.5) 10.3 of which attributable to the owners of the parent (173.5) 10.3 Earnings per share Year in € 2025 2024 For continuing operations Basic earnings per share 0.21 0.26 Diluted earnings per share 0.20 0.25 For continuing and discontinued operations Basic earnings per share (2.16) 0.13 Diluted earnings per share (2.16) 0.12 Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period (in million) 80.2 81.2Consolidated statement of financial positionConsolidated statement of financial position 31/12 in € million 2025 2024 Goodwill 792.9 799.4 Intangible assets 26.9 33.8 Property  plant and equipment 518.1 497.6 Right-of-use assets 138.7 100.9 Deferred tax assets 30.7 27.6 Non-current receivables 7.4 11.1 Non-current assets 1 514.8 1 470.4 Inventories 274.7 292.9 Trade receivables 186.8 204.1 Prepaid expenses and other receivables 78.7 67.2 Current tax assets 4.1 3.3 Derivative financial assets 1.9 6.3 Other financial assets 33.5 0.0 Cash and cash equivalents 70.4 56.9 Assets classified as held for sale (0.0) 259.3 Current assets 650.1 890.2 Total assets 2 164.9 2 360.6 Share capital & premium 1 208.0 1 208.0 Treasury shares (35.7) (31.0) Cumulative translation reserves (31.5) (242.6) Retained earnings and other reserves (190.4) (8.7) Total equity 950.4 925.7 Employee benefit liabilities 14.0 13.4 Interest-bearing debts 518.1 667.1 Deferred tax liabilities 16.7 16.0 Other payables 1.4 2.0 Non-current liabilities 550.2 698.5 Interest-bearing debts 129.3 53.1 Derivative financial liabilities 4.4 2.0 Other current financial liabilities 5.8 0.0 Trade payables 432.7 440.1 Accrued expenses and other payables 18.5 21.1 Employee benefit liabilities 32.8 45.3 Current tax liabilities 25.3 31.8 Provisions 15.6 38.3 Liabilities related to assets classified as held for sale (0.0) 104.6 Current liabilities 664.4 736.3 Total liabilities 1 214.6 1 434.8 Total equity and liabilities 2 164.9 2 360.6Consolidated statement of cash flowsConsolidated statement of cash flows Year in € million 2025 2024 Profit/(loss) for the period (173.5) 10.3 Adjustments 327.2 202.7 for income tax expense 12.1 9.7 for depreciation and amortization 77.5 74.1 for impairment losses and items relating to investing activities 198.8 32.4 for provisions (including employee benefit liabilities) (15.0) 32.5 for change in fair value of financial instruments 1.4 (4.0) for net finance cost 52.5 57.9 Changes in working capital (1.4) 9.0 in inventories 16.7 (45.4) in trade and other receivables and prepaid expenses (1.5) (16.3) in trade and other payables and accrued expenses (16.6) 70.8 Current employee benefit liabilities (12.3) 4.0 Income taxes paid (16.2) (10.3) Net cash generated from operating activities 123.9 215.7 Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (81.1) (112.4) Proceeds from disposal of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 0.2 0.2 Proceeds from divestments  net of cash disposed and transaction costs 97.9 10.3 Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities 17.0 (101.9) Proceeds from borrowings 467.8 67.4 Repayment of borrowings (616.6) (184.7) Interests paid (41.0) (37.6) Interests received 5.9 7.2 Other costs of financing (3.4) 0.9 Realized foreign exchange (losses)/gains on financing activities (2.2) 0.1 Derivative financial assets (2.3) (1.5) Net cash generated from / (used in) financing activities (191.9) (148.1) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (51.0) (34.3) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (2.8) (9.7) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 124.2 168.3 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 70.4 124.2 of which presented as part of assets classified as held for sale - 67.3Notes to the financial statementsNote 1 Basis of preparationThe accounting policies used to prepare the financial statements for the period from January 1  2025 to December 31  2025 are consistent with those applied in the audited consolidated financial statement for the year ended December 31  2024 of Ontex Group NV. The accounting policies have been consistently applied to all the periods presented.The amounts in this document are presented in € millions  unless noted otherwise  for reasons of transparency. This may give rise to rounding differences in the tables presented in the report.Note 2 Liquidity situationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis  which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal course of business.On November 27  2024  the Group refinanced its €242 million revolving credit facility  which had a maturity date in December 2025  with a new revolving credit facility that has a principal amount of €270 million and a maturity date in November 2029. The new revolving credit facility is subject to one financial covenant  being a leverage covenant  which is tested on June 30 and December 31 of each year. The leverage ratio of net financial debt over the adjusted EBITDA of the last twelve months is not to exceed 3.50x throughout all testing periods  except for a one-time spike up to 3.75x.On April 3  2025  the Group refinanced its €580 million senior notes  which had a maturity date in July 2026  with new 5.25% senior notes due 2030 for a principal amount of €400 million. The senior notes do not have any maintenance covenants to be complied with. Following the cash tender offer launched in March and concluded in April 2025  which was accepted for €283 million out of the originally issued €580 million  the remaining outstanding amount was €297 million. The Group redeemed all of its remaining outstanding notes  plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts  if any  on July 15  2025.The Group complied with all requirements of the loan covenant on its available credit facilities throughout the reporting period. Management has prepared detailed budgets for the next years  which reflect the strategy of the Group. Management acknowledges that uncertainty remains in these budget exercises  but the Company is confident that it will meet the requirements of the loan covenant.Note 3 Events after the end of the reporting periodNo significant events occurred after the reporting period.Note 4 Auditors ReportThe statutory auditor has confirmed that the audit  which is substantially complete  has not to date revealed any material misstatement in the draft consolidated accounts  and that the accounting data reported in the press release is consistent  in all material respects  with the draft accounts from which it has been derived.The scope of the audit procedure does not cover quarterly data. The sustainability data reported in the press release have not been reviewed by the statutory auditor.Note 5 Alternative performance measuresAlternative performance measures (non-GAAP) are used in this press release since management believes that they are widely used by certain investors  securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measure of performance and liquidity. The alternative performance measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies  have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of operating results  performance or liquidity under IFRS.Like-For-Like (LFL) revenue and growthLike-for-like revenue is defined as revenue at constant currency excluding change in scope of consolidation or M&A and hyperinflation impacts. The reconciliation of like-for-like revenue can be found on page 3. Like-for-like growth compares the like-for-like revenue with the revenue of the previous year.Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA marginAdjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before net finance cost  income taxes  depreciations and amortizations (commonly defined as EBITDA) plus EBITDA adjustments. The adjusted EBITDA margin is the adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue.EBITDA adjustments are made for income and expenses that are considered by management not to relate to transactions  projects and adjustments to the value of assets and liabilities taking place in the ordinary course of activities of the Group. These income and expenses are presented separately  due to their size or nature  so as to allow users of the consolidated financial statements of the Company to get a better understanding of the normalized performance of the Company  and relate to:acquisition- and divestment-related expenses;changes to the measurement of contingent considerations in the context of business combinations;changes to the Group structure  business restructuring costs  including costs related to the liquidation of subsidiaries and the closure  opening or relocations of factories;impairment of assets and major litigations.In the consolidated income statement these EBITDA adjustments are composed of the following items:income/(expenses) related to changes to Group structure; andincome/(expenses) related to impairments and major litigations.Reconciliation of income statement 2025 2024 in € million Cont. Discont. Total Cont. Discont. Total Q4 Revenue a 436.0 6.5 442.5 476.5 72.7 549.2 Operating profit/(loss) b 6.9 (79.1) (72.2) 36.3 (4.6) 31.8 Depreciation & amortization c (20.1) (0.0) (20.1) (19.0) (0.0) (19.0) EBITDA d = b-c 27.0 (79.1) (52.2) 55.3 (4.6) 50.7 Income & expenses related to changes to Group structure e (3.0) (79.5) (82.5) 5.6 (2.3) 3.3 Income & expenses related to impairments & major litigations f (8.8) - (8.8) (7.1) (6.4) (13.4) EBITDA adjustments g = -e-f 11.9 79.5 91.3 1.5 8.7 10.1 Adj. EBITDA h = d+g 38.8 0.3 39.2 56.8 4.1 60.8 Adj. EBITDA margin i = h/a 8.9% 5.0% 8.8% 11.9% 5.6% 11.1% Year Revenue a 1 761.6 111.2 1 872.8 1 860.5 306.9 2 167.4 Operating profit/(loss) b 79.0 (187.8) (108.8) 75.8 2.1 77.9 Depreciation & amortization c (77.5) (0.0) (77.5) (74.1) (0.0) (74.1) EBITDA d = b-c 156.5 (187.8) (31.4) 149.9 2.1 152.0 Income & expenses related to changes to Group structure e (6.2) (196.5) (202.7) (61.9) (51.6) (113.5) Income & expenses related to impairments & major litigations f (13.0) 0.0 (12.9) (10.8) 24.5 13.7 EBITDA adjustments g = -e-f 19.1 196.5 215.6 72.7 27.1 99.9 Adj. EBITDA h = d+g 175.6 8.6 184.2 222.6 29.2 251.9 Adj. EBITDA margin i = h/a 10.0% 7.7% 9.8% 12.0% 9.5% 11.6%More information on the EBITDA adjustments can be found on page 8.Adjusted profit and adjusted EPSAdjusted profit is defined as profit for the period plus EBITDA adjustments and the impact of these EBITDA adjustments on tax. Adjusted basic earnings per share are defined as adjusted profit divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares.Reconciliation of adjusted profit Year in € million 2025 2024 Profit from continuing operations j 16.6 20.9 EBITDA adjustments g 19.1 72.7 Impact of EBITDA adjustments on income tax k (5.0) (17.9) Adj. profit from continuing operations l = j+g+k 30.7 75.8 Weighted average number of shares outstanding in the period (in million) o 80.2 81.2 Adj. basic EPS from continuing operations (in €) m = l/o 0.38 0.93Net financial debt and leverage ratioNet financial debt is calculated by adding short-term and long-term debt and deducting cash and cash equivalents. The leverage ratio is calculated by dividing the net financial debt by the adjusted EBITDA for the last twelve months (LTM). It excludes the contribution of businesses divested since  i.e. the Algerian and Pakistani businesses in 2024  and the Brazilian and Turkish business in 2025.Reconciliation of net financial debt 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 in € million Cont. Discont. Total Cont. Discont. Total Non-current interest-bearing debts A 518.1 - 518.1 667.1 10.9 678.0 Current interest-bearing debts B 129.3 - 129.3 53.1 5.2 58.3 Gross financial debt C = A+B 647.4 - 647.4 720.2 16.1 736.3 Cash & cash equivalents D 70.4 - 70.4 56.9 67.3 124.2 Net financial debt E = C-D 577.0 - 577.0 663.3 (51.2) 612.0 Adj. EBITDA (LTM) F 175.6 (0.0) 175.6 222.6 25.7 248.3 Leverage ratio G = E/F 3.29x 2.46xNet working capitalNet working capital is calculated by adding inventories  trade receivables and prepaid expenses and other receivable and deducting trade payables and accrued expenses and other payables. The ratio to the annualized ratio of the last three months excludes the contribution of businesses divested since  i.e. the Turkish business in 2025.Reconciliation of working capital 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 in € million Cont. Discont. Total Cont. Discont. Total Inventories H 274.7 - 274.7 292.9 34.0 326.9 Trade receivables I 186.8 - 186.8 204.1 41.2 245.3 Prepaid expenses & other receivables J 78.7 - 78.7 67.2 4.8 72.0 Trade payables K 432.7 - 432.7 440.1 58.2 498.3 Accrued expenses & other payables L 18.5 - 18.5 21.1 7.2 28.3 Net working capital M = H+I+J-K-L 89.0 - 89.0 103.0 14.5 117.5 Net working capital / revenue (L3M) N = M/(4*a) 5.0% 5.3%Free cash flowFree cash flow is defined as net cash generated from operating activities (as presented in the consolidated cash flow statement  i.e. including income taxes paid) less capital expenditures (Capex  defined as purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets)  less repayment of lease liabilities and including cash (used in)/from disposal  less financing cash flows  i.e. Interests paid and received  other costs of financing  realized foreign exchange (losses)/gains on financing activities and derivative financial assets.Reconciliation of free cash flow Year in € million 2025 2024 Operating profit/(loss) (Total Group) b (108.8) 77.9 Depreciation & amortization (Total Group) c (77.5) (74.1) EBITDA (Total Group) d = b-c (31.4) 152.0 Non-cash items and items relating to investing & financing activities j 185.1 61.0 Changes in working capital k (1.4) 9.0 Current Employee benefit liabilities l (12.3) 4.0 Cash from operating activities before taxes m = d+j+k+l 140.0 226.0 Income taxes paid n (16.2) (10.3) Net cash generated from operating activities o = m+n 123.9 215.7 Capex (Purchases of PPE & intangible assets) p (81.1) (112.4) Proceeds from disposal of PPE & intangible assets q 0.2 0.2 Repayment of lease liabilities r (25.0) (24.8) Free cash flow before financing s = o+p+q+r 18.0 78.7 Interests paid t (41.0) (37.6) Interests received u 5.9 7.2 Other costs of financing v (3.4) 0.9 Realized foreign exchange (losses)/gains on financing activities w (2.2) 0.1 Derivative financial assets x (2.3) (1.5) Free cash flow y = s+t+u+v+w+x (25.1) 47.9Practical informationDisclaimerThis report may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements regarding or based upon our management’s current intentions  beliefs or expectations relating to  among other things  Ontex’s future results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies or developments in the industry in which we operate. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied thereby. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Forward-looking statements contained in this report regarding trends or current activities should not be taken as a report that such trends or activities will continue in the future. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this report.The information contained in this report is subject to change without notice. No re-report or warranty  express or implied  is made as to the fairness  accuracy  reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein and no reliance should be placed on it. In most of the tables of this report  amounts are shown in € million for reasons of transparency. This may give rise to rounding differences in the tables presented in the report. This report has been prepared in Dutch and translated into English. In the case of discrepancies between the two versions  the Dutch version will prevail.Corporate informationThe financial information in this document of Ontex Group NV for the twelve months ended December 31  2025 was authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board on February 11  2026.Audio webcastManagement will host an audio webcast for investors and analysts today  February 12  2026  at 12:00 CEST / 11:00 BST. To attend  click on https://ontexgroup.engagestream.companywebcast.com/25q4_fy_results_call. A replay of the webcast will be made available afterwards on the same link  and a copy of the presentation slides will be made available on ontex.com at the time of the presentation.Financial calendarApril 29  2026 Q1 2026 results publicationQ1 2026 results publication May 5  2026 2026 Annual general meeting of shareholders2026 Annual general meeting of shareholders July 30  2026 Q2 & H1 2026 results publicationQ2 & H1 2026 results publication October 28  2026 Q3 2026 results publicationEnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.com Media Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby care  feminine care and adult care products  both for retailers and healthcare  primarily in Europe and North America. The group employs around 5 000 people  with plants and offices in 12 countries  and its innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries. Ontex is headquartered in Aalst  Belgium and is listed on Euronext Brussels  where it is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.24,0.58,True,English,"['Ontex 2025 results', 'lower fixed cost absorption', 'baby care retailer brands', 'lower adjusted EBITDA contribution', 'limited targeted price decreases', 'market unexpected demand drop', 'cost transformation program', 'Regulated information Challenging', 'supply chain constraints', 'lower adj. EBITDA', 'stronger financial discipline', 'intense A-brand promotions', 'raw material indices', 'lower capital expenditure', 'other product categories', 'adj. EBITDA margin', 'FY 2025 results summary', 'low consumer demand', 'Free cash flow', 'adj. EBITDA growth', 'business scope reduction', 'Net financial debt', 'additional value creation', 'Emerging Markets divestments', 'Full year results', 'market demand', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'Net debt', 'lower volumes', 'lower pace', 'intrinsic value', 'product mix', 'net proceeds', 'margin contraction', 'soft demand', 'additional fuel', 'additional restructuring', 'Clear priorities', 'cash generation', 'negative FCF', 'Recent challenges', 'laser focus', 'soft Q', 'positive FCF', 'Laurent Nielly', 'difficult moment', 'existing plans', 'strong assets', 'North America', 'specific regional', 'customer exposure', 'customer destocking', 'revenue reduction', 'higher costs', 'temporary inefficiencies', 'Operating profit', 'one-off costs', 'obsolete assets', 'higher financing', 'profit growth', 'volume growth', 'sustained growth', 'strategic review', 'sales volumes', 'year end', 'initial expectations', 'CEO quote', 'execution challenges', 'latest outlook', '4.9% LFL', '2pp', 'completion', 'leverage', 'Ontex', 'Board', 'trust', 'company', 'performance', 'progress', 'strategy', 'baseline', 'people', 'work', 'Europe', 'impact', 'effect', 'inflation', 'million', 'impairments', 'intangibles', '1', '€']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
54995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/12/3236838/0/en/dsm-firmenich-reports-full-year-2025-results.html,dsm-firmenich reports full year 2025 results,Press ReleaseKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  February 12  2026  dsm-firmenich reports full year 2025 results  Management Report  2025...,Press ReleaseKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  February 12  2026dsm-firmenich reports full year 2025 resultsManagement Report2025 highlightsGood financial performance  with strong contribution from synergiesStrategic plan now fully executed following the announced divestment of Animal Nutrition & HealthAnimal Nutrition & Health has been classified as Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued OperationsNew €500 million share repurchase program to be launched in Q1 2026Maintain stable dividend of €2.50 per share  adopting stable to preferably rising dividend policyGood progress in Sustainability  including EcoVadis Platinum and CDP double A for Climate & Waterdsm-firmenich now ready for the next phase in its journey as a fully focused consumer companyInvestor Event scheduled for March 12  2026Key figures - Continuing Operations1in € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 9 034 9 054 (0) 2 153 2 239 (4) Organic sales growth (%) 3 2 Adj. EBITDA 1 772 1 751 1 408 424 (4) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 19.6 19.3 19.0 18.9 Net profit from continuing operations 342 359Key figures - Total Group including Discontinued Operations1in € millions 2025 2024 % Change Sales 12 521 12 799 (2) Adjusted EBITDA 2 279 2 118 8 Net profit (1 039) 2801 Continuing Operations reflects the results of dsm-firmenich  following the announced divestment of Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH) activities to CVC Capital Partners. The assets and liabilities of the divested businesses have been classified as Assets Held for Sale in accordance with IFRS 5  and the results of the divested businesses have been reclassified to Discontinued Operations.Dimitri de Vreeze  CEO  commented: “The recently announced divestment of Animal Nutrition & Health marks the final step in executing our strategic roadmap to becoming a leading consumer-focused company in nutrition  health  and beauty. This is an important milestone for the company. It enables us to fully focus on our core strengths and the execution of our strategy to deliver on our mid-term ambitions  while creating sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders.From a business perspective  we made good progress in improving the performance of our three continuing business operations. Our innovative solutions play a critical role in essential  everyday consumer products  demonstrating the strength and resilience of our portfolio  particularly against the more challenging macroeconomic backdrop in the second half of 2025. We are well-positioned for 2026  supported by innovation-driven growth  continued delivery of sales synergies  continued focus on cash generation and capital discipline. This is further underpinned by the newly announced €500 million share repurchase program  and maintaining a €2.50 dividend per share  with a stable to preferably rising dividend policy going forward.”Outlook 2026A full year outlook for the company will be provided at the Investor Event  which dsm-firmenich will host in London on March 12. At this event  the company will provide an update on the innovation‑driven growth profile of Perfumery & Beauty  Taste  Texture & Health  and Health  Nutrition & Care.StrategyFollowing the successful completion of its strategic roadmap to become a leading consumer-focused company in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich will now focus on three strategic priorities:Grow what we haveWith the tuning of its portfolio and the divestment of ANH now announced  dsm-firmenich is well-positioned to execute its strategy and organically grow its innovation-led core activities.Anchor what we dodsm-firmenich is embedding best practices across the organization  building on its solid foundations to drive continuous improvement  while elevating operational excellence and customer intimacy.Deliver on our promisesThe company is on track to achieve its mid-term ambitions  including synergy delivery  disciplined capital allocation  and strong cost  cash and operating working capital efficiency  to generate sustainable value for all stakeholders.The company’s mid-term financial ambitions include:Organic Sales Growth: 5-7%Adjusted EBITDA margin: 22-23%Cash-to-sales conversion: >10%Delivering synergiesdsm-firmenich is on track to achieve its target merger synergies  contributing approximately €350 million to Adjusted EBITDA. In 2025  the company realized around €65 million in cost synergies  which brings the total to about €175 million for the Group. This part of the program was completed by the end of 2025 and is now fully delivered.In addition  dsm-firmenich realized around €100 million in revenue synergies during 2025  bringing the total to around €175 million. This contributed to around €60 million Adjusted EBITDA cumulatively since the merger  of which around €35 million was realized in 2025. The remaining €115 million Adjusted EBITDA contribution from revenue synergies will be realized through 2027.Divestment of Animal Nutrition & HealthOn February 9  2026  dsm-firmenich announced it entered into an agreement with CVC Capital Partners  to divest its Animal Nutrition & Health business for an enterprise value of about €2.2 billion  which includes an earn-out of up to €0.5 billion. dsm-firmenich will retain a 20% equity stake. This transaction followed the sale of the Feed Enzymes activities to Novonesis for €1.5 billion in 2025. The announced divestment of ANH resulted in a non-cash impairment of around €1.9 billion in 2025 before taxes.Reporting changes in 2025Further to the announced divestment of the ANH activities to CVC Capital Partners  the assets and liabilities of the divested business have been classified as Assets Held for Sale  and the financial results of the ANH activities have been reclassified to Discontinued Operations. The primary structural adjustments that are reflected in the restated numbers for 2024 and 2025  include:Perfumery & Beauty (P&B) is restated primarily for Aroma Ingredients and Pentapharm. These activities are included in Discontinued Operations.Taste  Texture & Health (TTH) is restated primarily for Yeast Extracts  and certain vitamin sales included in the ANH divestment (“non-differentiated vitamins”)  which moved to Discontinued Operations  and now includes Bovaer (the methane-reducing feed ingredient) which moved from ANH to TTH.Health  Nutrition & Care (HNC) is restated primarily for Marine Lipids  and certain vitamin sales included in the ANH divestment (“non-differentiated vitamins”)  which moved to Discontinued Operations. Veramaris (the 50/50 joint-venture for algae-based Omega-3) is transferred from ANH to HNC.Therefore  the Discontinued Operations include ANH (incl. the feed enzymes activities divested in June 2025)  Aroma Ingredients  Marine Lipids  Yeast Extracts  and certain vitamin sales included in the ANH divestment (“non-differentiating vitamins”) and other small divestments  following dsm-firmenich’s portfolio review as communicated at the Capital Markets Day in 2024.In Annex 1-2  comparative figures are provided for the most recent five reported quarters (Q4 2024  Q1 2025  Q2 2025  Q3 2025  and Q4 2025) as well as full-year 2024 and full-year 2025  for the following line items: Net Sales  Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBITDA margin  and Organic Sales Growth.Adjustment ‘core’ definitiondsm-firmenich provides an updated ‘Core EBIT’ figure  adding back merger-related amortisation as well as the amortisation of other intangible assets recognized through purchase-price allocations (PPA) from all pre-merger acquisitions  to allow for easier comparison with industry peers – please see also the section ‘Definitions’.DividendAt the Annual General Meeting on May 7  2026  the Board of Directors of dsm-firmenich will propose a cash dividend of €2.50 per share for the financial year 2025. Of this total dividend  €1.64 is to be paid out of capital contribution reserves without deduction of any Swiss withholding tax. The remaining €0.86 is to be paid out of available earnings and therefore subject to 35% Swiss withholding tax.dsm-firmenich’s objective is to deliver consistent and sustainable dividends to its shareholders. To achieve this  the company has adopted a ‘stable to preferably rising’ dividend policy  reflecting its commitment to long-term value creation. Under this policy  dsm-firmenich aims to maintain a stable dividend amount per ordinary share and progressively increase dividends over time  subject to compliance with Swiss law and the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association.Share buyback programsIn December 2025  dsm-firmenich completed its share repurchase programs under which it bought back ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €1 billion in 2025.The company now intends to launch a new share repurchase program to buy back ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €500 million in 2026 to reduce its issued capital. The program is planned to commence in Q1 2026. dsm-firmenich remains fully committed to maintaining its strong investment-grade profile.Key figures and indicators – Continuing Operationsin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Net sales 9 034 9 054 (0) 2 153 2 239 (4) P&B 3 760 3 776 (0) 904 922 (2) TTH 3 146 3 109 1 730 758 (4) HNC 2 102 2 117 (1) 512 550 (7) Corporate 26 52 (50) 7 9 (22) Adj. EBITDA 1 772 1 751 1 408 424 (4) P&B 815 842 (3) 183 194 (6) TTH 648 626 4 148 144 3 HNC 407 377 8 101 110 (8) Corporate (98) (94) (4) (24) (24) - Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 19.6 19.3 19.0 18.9 P&B 21.7 22.3 20.2 21.0 TTH 20.6 20.1 20.3 19.0 HNC 19.4 17.8 19.7 20.0 Adj. EBIT 861 816 6 Core adj. EBIT 1 290 1 277 1 Core adj. net profit 887 976 (9) Average number of shares (x millions) 259.3 264.6 Core adj. EPS 3.31 3.54 (Avg.) core capital employed 11 624 11 690 Core adj. ROCE (%) 11.1 10.9 Operating working capital (%) 28.8 27.3 Net debt 3 301 2 556¹1 Refers to Total Group  including discontinued operationsKey figures and indicators – Total Group including Discontinued Operationsin € millions FY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Net sales 12 521 12 799 (2) 2 941 3 257 (10) Adj. EBITDA 2 279 2 118 8 479 601 (20) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.2 16.5 16.3 18.5 Core adj. net profit 1 071 1 012 (6) Average numbers of shares (x millions) 259.3 264.6 Core adj. EPS 3.87 3.61 Adj. gross operating free cash flow over Sales (%) 10.4 12.1 Capital expenditures (cash) (%) 6.1 6.0dsm-firmenich FY 2025 and Q4 – Continuing Operationsin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 9 034 9 054 (0) 2 153 2 239 (4) Organic sales growth (%) 3 2 Adj. EBITDA 1 772 1 751 1 408 424 (4) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 19.6 19.3 19.0 18.9FY 2025dsm‑firmenich delivered 3% volume-led organic sales growth  a solid performance in a macro environment that became increasingly challenging over the course of the year.P&B delivered a solid performance with 3% organic sales growth. Perfumery saw good growth  while headwinds from sun filters in Beauty & Care faded through the year. TTH delivered a good 4% organic sales growth supported by synergies  with a strong first half  while more cautious customer behavior tempered growth in the second half of the year. HNC continued to improve with 3% organic sales growth  supported by good performance in Dietary Supplements and Early Life Nutrition. Growth in HNC softened somewhat in the second half due to more cautious consumer sentiment in North America.Adjusted EBITDA increased by 5% when correcting for an about 4% negative currency effect  with a good step up in margin to about 20%  owing to continued margin improvements in TTH and HNC.Cash flow delivery was good  with a strong performance in the second half of the year. Adjusted gross operating free cash flow resulted in a sales to cash conversion ratio of 10.5%.2025 Core Net Profit was somewhat below 2024  despite higher Core EBIT  mainly due to non-cash impairments in associates.Q4 2025dsm-firmenich delivered 2% organic sales growth for the quarter  with an improvement in P&B  offset by softer market conditions and customer destocking in TTH and HNC.P&B delivered a good performance with 4% organic sales growth. Perfumery was good  led by Fine Fragrance  while the impact of sun filters in B&C faded. TTH realized an organic sales growth of 2% on softer market trends and customer destocking. HNC  excluding some one-off timing effects of orders in Pharma  delivered a 1% increase in organic sales. Overall  HNC’s growth was impacted by soft consumer demand in North America. Early Life Nutrition was strong.Adjusted EBITDA was up 3% when adjusting for a currency effect of about (7%). The adjusted EBITDA margin was stable.Business Unit ReviewPerfumery & BeautyBusiness unit resultsin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 3 760 3 776 (0) 904 922 (2) Organic sales growth (%) 3 4 Adj. EBITDA 815 842 (3) 183 194 (6) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 21.7 22.3 20.2 21.0FY 2025Perfumery & Beauty2 delivered organic sales growth of 3%. Fine Fragrances delivered high-single digit growth whereas Consumer Fragrances  and Ingredients delivered mid-single digit growth. Beauty & Care was impacted by weakness in sun filters. The Middle East was strong  Asia was good  Europe solid  with softness in North America and Latin America.Perfumery & Beauty advanced its innovation agenda in 2025 with new ingredients and technologies that respond to evolving consumer expectations for delight and well-being. As demand grows for safer  more sustainable  and emotionally resonant products  P&B responded with a series of groundbreaking innovations:Heliobliss®  a new captive ingredient under the Beyond Muguet program  brings together superior biodegradability and a refined olfactory profile  turning the megatrend of eco-conscious luxury into a real ingredient perfumers can use in their creations.The palette was further strengthened with Amberever™ Neo  a purer crystallized version of Amberever™  and the launch of fifteen naturals  as well as the further optimization of production processes for key specialty molecules.Pushing the boundaries of fragrance creation  P&B also advanced emotional well-being with emotiOn™  a perfumery offering grounded on more than 30 years of neuroscientific research and academic partnerships. This work deepens the scientific understanding of how scents shape emotional responses  enhancing dsm-firmenich’s portfolio differentiation.In Beauty & Care  innovation centered on high-performance  eco-conscious  science-based beauty solutions. This included SYN® COLL CB  a patented natural origin ingredient that supports collagen and helps protect against degradation  promoting firmer  smoother skin.The Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.7% represents a good performance  particularly given the impact of the sun filters. Adjusted EBITDA was stable when excluding a (3%) currency effect.Q4 2025Perfumery & Beauty saw a good organic sales growth of 4% versus the same period last year. Perfumery drove the quarter  with Fine Fragrances up high-single digits. Consumer Fragrances and Ingredients grew mid-single digits  with Beauty & Care still weak but with the effect of sun filters fading.Adjusted EBITDA was up 2% when adjusting for the (8%) currency effect  while the margin also reflected mix effects.2 Perfumery & Beauty (P&B) is a leading creation and innovation partner for the most iconic global and local brands in consumer goods  lifestyle  and luxury beauty. The business unit is home to some of the best talent in the industry  boasts an unmatched palette of captive ingredients  and is supported by a vertically integrated supply chain. Powered by our science-based innovations in Fragrance and Beauty & Care  we make our customers’ products more desirable  essential  and sustainable  driving consumers’ preference.Taste  Texture & HealthBusiness unit resultsin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 3 146 3 109 1 730 758 (4) Organic sales growth (%) 4 2 Adj. EBITDA 648 626 4 148 144 3 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 20.6 20.1 20.3 19.0FY 2025Taste  Texture & Health3 delivered an organic sales growth of 4%  supported by sales synergies  against a high prior year comparable of 10%  and more cautious customer demand in the second half of the year. Local & Regional customers generated stronger growth compared to global customers. China and India drove growth over the full year. Europe performed well  albeit softening in the second half. North America  APAC  and Latin America remained comparatively weaker. By segment  Beverages was soft  while Dairy including Cheese  Bakery and Pet Food performed well.Taste  Texture & Health strengthened its leadership in healthy food & beverages by delivering science-based  sustainable  and consumer-centric solutions that meet rising expectations for healthier food choices:New Dairy Safe™ all-in-one cultures enabling high‑quality cheese production without additives  meeting demand for clean labels and natural ingredients.Responding to the shift toward natural colors  TTH launched Vibelly™ Color Solutions  a carotenoid‑based portfolio that delivers vibrant  nature‑derived hues for beverages  bakery  dairy  and confectionery  supporting both regulatory transitions and sustainability goals.Leveraging its combined capabilities in flavors  sweetening systems  and premixes to secure new wins in the fast‑growing ready‑to‑drink segment  including concepts that blend advanced flavor technology with nutritional benefits.Helping customers manage inflation by reducing reliance on costly raw materials such as cocoa. Notable innovations included Maxiren®EVO  an award‑winning coagulant enzyme that enhances cheese texture and yield  and Vertis™ PB Pea  a clean‑label pea protein supporting functional plant‑based nutrition.Strengthening its global reach and customer collaboration  TTH expanded its footprint with the opening of the Van Marken Food Innovation Center in Delft  the Baking Innovation Center in Princeton  NY  the Savory Taste Hub in Wageningen  the pet-only premix facility  NextGen Tonganoxie  US  and the expanded seasoning plant in Thuravoor  India.Adjusted EBITDA improved by 7% when excluding a (3%) foreign exchange effect  driven by good organic sales growth and favorable mix effects. The Adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.6% continued to improve.Q4 2025Taste  Texture & Health achieved an organic sales growth of 2%  reflecting the softer market conditions which started to show in the third quarter  while Local & Regional customers again grew faster than global accounts. Europe remained solid  while China and India delivered a strong quarter. This was partly offset by more cautious consumer sentiment in North America and softening demand in Latin America.Adjusted EBITDA increased by 10%  when adjusted for a foreign exchange effect of (7%). The Adjusted EBITDA margin was up 130 basis points versus Q4 last year.3 Taste  Texture & Health (TTH) brings progress to life by tackling some of society’s biggest challenges: providing nutritious  healthy and sustainable food and beverages  and accelerating the diet transformation with appealing taste and texture  and nourishing a growing global population while minimizing food loss and waste. TTH consists of Taste  which includes flavors  natural extracts  sugar reduction solutions  and Ingredients Solutions  which includes food enzymes  hydrocolloids  cultures  natural colorants  nutritional ingredients  and plant-based proteins.Health  Nutrition & CareBusiness unit resultsin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 2 102 2 117 (1) 512 550 (7) Organic sales growth (%) 3 (1) Adj. EBITDA 407 377 8 101 110 (8) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 19.4 17.8 19.7 20.0FY 2025Health  Nutrition & Care4 continued its recovery  delivering 3% organic sales growth  driven by Early Life Nutrition and Dietary Supplements. i‑Health was soft owing to more cautious consumer sentiment in North America. APAC and China were strong  EMEA and Latin America performed well whereas North America was soft.During the year  Health  Nutrition & Care delivered innovations reflecting its commitment to shaping the future of health—from early life to healthy aging—through science‑driven  sustainable nutrition solutions that improve lives at every stage:Strengthening its Early Life Nutrition franchise with regulatory approvals for human milk oligosaccharides (HMO’s) in over 170 countries  notably in China  with its GLYCARE® HMO portfolioDevelopment of 14 distinct flavor tonalities and optimized formulas in Pharma to limit the number of ingredients  designed to streamline the regulatory approval process and overcome flavor challenges from infants to adultsIn microbiome health  Humiome® Post LB  the world’s most clinically proven postbiotic was launched  in an allergen-free form  allowing its incorporation in tending formats like gummiesFurther advancing sustainable nutrition by expanding its algal lipid portfolio with life’s®OMEGA O2722  in China: a single-source algal omega-3 that has the same EPA-to-DHA ratio naturally found in standard fish oil  but with twice the potency.Further broadening its health enhancing technologies through Biomedical  certifying the entire Ulteeva Purity™ portfolio as bio-based and introducing new colors to provide contrast to white high-strength orthopedic sutures that simplify complex arthroscopic proceduresAdjusted EBITDA was up 14% when adjusted for a (6%) currency effect. The Adjusted EBITDA margin delivered a 160bps step-up to 19.4%  driven by good organic growth.Q4 2025Organic sales in HNC were (1%)  impacted by the timing effect of large custom manufacturing orders in Pharma  in 2024. Excluding this effect HNC would have grown 1% organically. Early Life Nutrition was strong led by demand for HMOs in China  while Biomedical experienced good momentum. i-Health and Dietary Supplements were impacted by more cautious consumer behavior in North America.Adjusted EBITDA was (3%) when adjusted for a foreign exchange effect of about (5%). The Adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.7% was in line with prior year.4 Health  Nutrition & Care (HNC) enables people to improve their health by supplementing their diet with critical nutrients and driving medical innovation forward  so helping to optimize immunity  speed up recovery and enhancing quality of life.Corporate activitiesin € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 26 52 (50) 7 9 (22) Adj. EBITDA (98) (94) (4) (24) (24) -Discontinued Operations5in € millionsFY 2025 FY 2024 % ChangeQ4 2025Q4 2024 % Change Sales 3 487 3 745 (7) 788 1 018 (23) Adj. EBITDA 507 367 38 71 177 (60) Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 14.5 9.8 9.0 17.4Animal Nutrition & Health delivered a good performance in Performance Solutions. Essential Products benefitted in the first half of substantially higher prices  which reversed in the second half as conditions in vitamins softened considerably. Profitability was supported by the contribution from the vitamin transformation program.5 Discontinued Operations captures the results of the combined businesses that were an integral part of the single co-ordinated plan to dispose these businesses following dsm-firmenich’s post-merger portfolio review  mainly including the ANH business subject to the carve-out and the completed divestments of the Feed Enzymes business  Pentapharm  the Yeast Extracts business  and the Marine Lipids business. The assets and liabilities related to the ANH business subject to the carve-out were reclassified as assets held for sale at year-end following its planned divestment.Cash Flow and Working CapitalFY 2025 FY 2024 Continuingoperations Continuingoperations Adj. gross operating free cash flow 950 1 217 Sales to cash conversion % 10.5 13.4 Operating working capital (OWC) 2 481 2 450 OWC as % of sales - end of period 28.8 27.3 Total working capital (WC) 1 770 1 757 Total WC as % of sales - end of period 20.6 19.6After a modest start in H1  mainly due to timing of payments between periods  adjusted gross operating cash flow improved significantly in the second half  driven by strong working-capital management.Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)The main APM adjustments in 2025 were:Acquisition (merger) and divestment costs of €45 million  mainly related to costs related to the merger transactionRestructuring costs of €54 million  mainly related to the vitamin transformation programOther costs of a net amount of €16 million include legal costsImpairments of Property  Plant and Equipment (PPE)  goodwill and intangible assets of €35 million  mainly related to the impairment loss recognized upon the classification of smaller business as held for saleSustainability2025 was a remarkable year with great achievements for dsm-firmenich in sustainability. The company launched its Sustainability program ‘People. Planet. Progress’ in March 2025  defining how dsm-firmenich brings progress to life. It is built around eight focus areas and provides clear targets for 2030.Next to this launch  notable achievements during the year included:Achievement of 100% of purchased electricity from renewable sources ahead of planA Double A rating for Climate and Water Security awarded by CDP  placing the company in the top 4% of companies scored by CDP globallyA ‘Platinum’ medal from EcoVadis  placing the company among the top 1% of companies assessed by EcoVadisProgressdsm-firmenich made good progress on its focus areas included in the program and its underlying people and planet targets for 2030.Reduce micronutrient gapGender pay gap Improve inclusion Cut Scope 1 & 2 emissions vs. 2021 Water efficiency improvementvs. 2023 775mreached 8.2%(in favor of women)Living wage100% 71% -31% 11% Our target: Our target: Our target: Our target: Reach 1bn people >70% -42% 10% Improve safety TRI rate Boost employee engagement Naturals sourcing program completion rate Cut Scope 3 emissions vs. 2021 Make washable products biodegradable0.26 80% 48% -23% 85% Our target: Our target: Our target: Our target: Our target: <0.20 >80% 100% -25% 90%Key highlightsReducing the micronutrient gapThrough the nutritional interventions it innovates and produces  dsm-firmenich addresses critical micronutrient gaps  with the ambition of reaching one billion people worldwide by 2030. In 2025 dsm-firmenich reached 775 million people.This is a modest increase versus 2024 (2024: 759 million6) which is explained by a combination of sustained relatively low relief funding across supplementation and aid programs on the one hand  with slightly higher demand for premixes to fortify edible oil on the other.Scope 1 & 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas reductionsThe company continued to make good progress with regard to its climate targets. Scope 1 & 2 market-based GHG emissions amounted to 722 ktCO2e  representing a 31% (2024: 27%) reduction versus the 2021 baseline. Absolute Scope 3 emissions were 10 280 ktCO2e  with a reduction of 23% (2024: 20%) for the SBT scope 3 emissions against the 2021 baseline. The year also marked the milestone of achieving 100% purchased electricity from renewable sources  ahead of schedule.The progress on the Scope 1 & 2 target was driven by the continued and successful execution of the GHG reduction program  focused on improving energy efficiency at sites and the increasing transition to renewable energy. On the Scope 3 target  the focus was on actively engaging suppliers through the “Joining Force for NetZero” program and advancing the company’s digital agenda to enhance the accuracy and transparency of emissions reporting and roadmap development processes.Key Natural Ingredients responsibly sourcedThe company is committed to sourcing practices that are sustainable  and transparent  embedding these principles across all its purchase categories. A new  advanced and comprehensive Responsible Sourcing program for key natural ingredients with a target date of 2030 was launched in 2025.In 2025  as per plan  the company conducted 54 field due diligence assessments across the Business Units. In this first year  48% of this new program was completed.People KPIsIn safety and health  the ambition is for everyone to return home safe and healthy  every day. In 2025  the company’s recordable incident rate was 0.26  slightly above the 2024 level of 0.24  while still firmly within the industry’s top quartile performance. The increase was largely driven by a softer first half of the year. The stronger second‑half performance  however  reflects the positive impact of the initiatives we introduced.The Employee Engagement Survey was performed in September 2025. Participation reached 90%. This year the company realized its inclusion target  reaching 71% (2024: 67%)  and the employee engagement target  reaching 80% (2024: 79%). The results in 2025 show relevant progress due to the efforts across the organization  due to transparent discussions on the feedback from last year’s survey  as part of the journey to focus on embedding our values and behaviors into our culture.All employees were paid a living wage based on our last year review  delivering on the company’s commitment. The gender pay gap was 8.2% (2024: 6.1%7) in favor of women. This is mainly due to more female representation in the management levels of the organization as compared to other more junior levels  similar to our observation in 2024.Planet KPIsIn 2025  the company delivered on its water target  reaching 11% water efficiency improvement compared to 2023 for sites in water-stressed areas.The company aims to achieve 90% ultimate biodegradability for products in the washable applications by 2030. In 2025  85% of the applicable portfolio was ultimate biodegradable.Other highlightsIn Nature  in 2025 the company completed a comprehensive nature development assessment to better understand its dependencies  impacts  risks and opportunities (so called ‘DIROs’) for the nature indicators of land use and land use change  water withdrawals  water pollution  soil pollution and biodiversity. The results will be shared in the Annual Report.On Human Rights  in 2025 the company conducted a global risk assessment including saliency analysis to identify Human Rights focus areas in own operations and across the supply chain  in line with the UNGP and OECD guidelines. The outcomes will be shared in the Annual Human Rights report  to be published in Q2 2026.Ratings  rankingsIn addition to the strong performance on CDP and EcoVadis  the company continued to deliver strong performances across relevant ratings and rankings. This included:Rated ‘Leading’ across the three ESG dimensions by BloombergRemaining a constituent of FTSE4GoodAssessed with a lowest-risk rating by ISS QualityScore  and confirmed ‘Prime’ by ISS ESGRated ‘AA’ by MSCIReceived an ESG score of 59 from S&P Global  an improvement of 12 points versus last yearRated ‘low risk’ by Sustainalytics on ESG factors  showing a strong improvement in 2025 to sector‑leading levelsNote: The sustainability information included in this press release is reported for the total dsm-firmenich group  which includes continuing and discontinued operations as set out in the definitions section.6 The number of beneficiaries reached in 2024 was restated due to a change of methodology.7 The gender pay gap is restated due to a change in methodology  now including variable pay elements.DefinitionsThis press release includes information that is presented in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board and alternative performance measures (APMs). Please refer to the section below for the definitions as applied.Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)In monitoring the financial performance of dsm-firmenich  management uses certain Alternative performance measures (APMs) not defined by IFRS. These APMs should not be viewed in isolation as alternatives to the equivalent IFRS measures and should be used as supplementary information in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS measures. APMs do not have standardized meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.To arrive at the Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBIT  and Adjusted net profit  adjustments are made for material items of income and expense arising from circumstances such as acquisitions and divestments  restructuring  impairments and other events (i.e.  APM adjustments). Other APM adjusting events include site closure costs  environmental cleaning  litigation settlements or other non-operational (contractual) arrangements. Other than items related to acquisition and integration costs incurred in the first year from the acquisition date (including non-recurring inventory value adjustments) as well as adjustments due to previously recognized APM adjusting events  the threshold is €10 million.The APMs used throughout this press release are:Organic sales growth (OSG)Organic sales growth is the sales growth excluding the impact of acquisitions  divestments  and currency impacts.Earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)EBITDA is defined as IFRS metric operating profit plus depreciation  amortization  and impairments.Adjusted earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization (Adj. EBITDA)Adjusted EBITDA is the EBITDA adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’.EBITDA marginEBITDA margin is EBITDA expressed as a percentage of net sales.Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adj. EBITDA margin)Adjusted EBITDA margin is adjusted EBITDA expressed as a percentage of net sales.Adjusted operating profit (Adj. EBIT)Adjusted operating profit (Adj. EBIT) is the IFRS metric operating profit adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’.Core adjusted EBIT (Core adj. EBIT)Core adjusted EBIT is calculated as the IFRS metric operating profit adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’  and adjusted for the impact of the amortisation of intangible assets recognized through purchase price allocations (PPA).Adjusted net profit (Adj. net profit)Adjusted net profit is the IFRS metric net profit adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’.Core adjusted net profit (Core adj. net profit)Core adjusted net profit is the IFRS metric net profit (from continuing operations) adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’  and adjusted for the impact of the amortisation of intangible assets recognized through purchase price allocations (PPA) as well as the PPA impact on financial income and expense.Adjusted gross operating free cash flow (AGOFCF)Adjusted gross operating free cash flow (AGOFCF) is defined as the IFRS metric operating profit plus depreciation  amortization  and impairments  adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’  adjusted for intrinsic changes in the working capital  minus capital expenditures. This metric is based on continuing operations.Sales to cash conversion %Sales to cash conversion % is the adjusted gross operating free cash flow (AGOFCF) as a percentage of net sales.Adjusted earnings per share (Adj. EPS)Adjusted earnings per share (Adjusted EPS) is calculated as the net profit available to holders of ordinary shares adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’  divided by the average number of ordinary shares outstanding.Core adjusted earnings per share (Core adj. EPS)Core adjusted earnings per share (Core adjusted EPS) is calculated as the net profit (from continuing operations) available to holders of ordinary shares adjusted for material items of profit or loss  as defined under ‘APM adjustments’  adjusted for the impact of the amortisation of intangible assets recognized through purchase price allocations (PPA) as well as the PPA impact on financial income and expense  divided by the average number of ordinary shares outstanding.Capital employedCapital employed is the total of the carrying amount of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  inventories  trade receivables and other receivables  less trade payables  other current liabilities  investment grants and customer funding. Average capital employed is calculated as the average of the capital employed at the end of the preceding five quarters  including the current quarter.Core capital employedCore capital employed is defined as capital employed  adjusted for the impact of the Firmenich purchase price allocation (PPA). Average core capital employed is calculated as the average of the core capital employed at the end of the preceding five quarters  including the current quarter.Return on capital employed (ROCE)Return on capital employed (ROCE) is the adjusted operating profit (from continuing operations) as a percentage of average capital employed.Core adjusted return on capital employed (Core adj. ROCE)Core adjusted return on capital employed (Core adj. ROCE) is core adjusted EBIT as a percentage of average core capital employed.Operating working capital (OWC)The total of inventories and trade receivables  less trade payables.Operating working capital (OWC) as % of salesOperating working capital as % of sales is the operating working capital as a percentage of annualized fourth-quarter net sales.Working capital (WC)The total of inventories and current receivables  less current payables.Working capital (WC) as % of salesWorking capital as % of sales is the working capital as a percentage of annualized fourth-quarter net sales.Capital expenditures (CAPEX)Capital expenditures include all investments in intangible assets and property  plant and equipment.Net debtNet debt is the total of current and non-current borrowings less cash and cash equivalents  current investments and the net position of derivatives.Condensed consolidated financial statements 2025Condensed consolidated income statementFY 2025 FY 2024 Continuing operations Net sales 9 034 9 054 Gross profit 3 530 3 553 Operating profit 711 547 Financial income and expense (143) (124) Profit (loss) before tax 568 423 Income tax expense (118) (64) Share of net profit (loss) of associates and joint ventures (108) - Net profit (loss) from continuing operations 342 359 Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations (1 381) (79) Net profit (loss) for the period (1 039) 280 Attributable to: - Holders of shares (1 081) 250 - Non-controlling interests 42 30 Interest on hybrid bonds (equity) 26 28 Earnings per share (EPS) total (in €): - Basic EPS (4.27) 0.84 Earnings per share (EPS) continuing operations (in €): - Basic EPS 1.21 1.21Condensed consolidated balance sheetin € millions December 31  2025 December 31  2024 Assets Goodwill and intangible assets 15 384 18 078 Property  plant and equipment 4 174 5 725 Deferred tax assets 227 299 Share in associates and joint ventures 199 342 Derivatives 60 51 Other non-current assets 408 453 Non-current assets 20 452 24 948 Inventories 2 121 3 290 Trade receivables 1 841 2 589 Income tax receivables 153 51 Other receivables 105 129 Derivatives 41 23 Financial investments 121 50 Cash and cash equivalents 1 782 2 667 Sub-total 6 164 8 799 Assets held for sale 2 729 - Current assets 8 893 8 799 Total assets 29 345 33 747 Equity and liabilities Shareholders' equity 18 244 22 511 Non-controlling interest 179 186 Equity 18 423 22 697 Deferred tax liabilities 1 351 1 556 Employee benefit liabilities 193 487 Provisions 52 87 Borrowings 3 617 4 444 Derivatives 14 7 Other non-current liabilities 102 109 Non-current liabilities 5 329 6 690 Employee benefit liabilities 12 62 Provisions 51 77 Borrowings 1 660 836 Derivatives 14 60 Trade payables 1 481 2 276 Income tax payables 303 223 Other current liabilities 666 826 Sub-total 4 187 4 360 Liabilities held for sale 1 406 - Current liabilities 5 593 4 360 Total equity and liabilities 29 345 33 747Condensed consolidated cash flow statement1in € millions FY 2025 FY 2024 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 2 667 2 456 Operating activities EBITDA 2 245 1 991 Changes in working capital (210) 198 Income tax (320) (275) Result divestments (114) (47) Other (156) (89) Cash provided by operating activities 1 445 1 778 of which provided by continuing operations 1 069 1 442 Investing activities Payments for intangible assets and property  plant and equipment (764) (764) Acquisition of businesses (19) (5) Disposal of businesses 1 270 42 Proceeds from disposal of other non-current assets 95 416 Change in short-term financial investments (63) 43 Interest received 33 33 Dividend received and capital (re)payments (26) 6 Other cash used in investing activities (21) (23) Cash from / (used in) investing activities 505 (252) Financing activities Dividends paid (718) (667) Interest paid (64) (67) Repurchase of shares (1 181) (706) Redemption and remuneration of hybrid bonds (783) (28) Proceeds from (re)issued shares 5 21 Proceeds from / repayment of corporate bonds 239 293 Payment of lease liabilities (109) (110) Acquisition of non-controlling interest (106) (26) Other cash from / used in financing activities (35) (44) Cash (used in) / from financing activities (2 752) (1 334) Change in cash and cash equivalents (802) 192 Exchange differences relating to cash held (72) 19 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period(including cash classified as held for sale) 1 793 2 667 Reclassification to held for sale (11) - Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 1 782 2 6671 The condensed consolidated cash flow statement includes an analysis of all cash flows in total  therefore including both continuing and discontinued operations  unless stated otherwise.Notes to the Condensed consolidated financial statementsReconciliation to Alternative Performance MeasuresFY 2025 FY 2024 in € millions Continuing operations Total Group Continuing operations Total Group Operating profit (EBIT) 711 (877) 547 561 Depreciation  amortization and impairments 946 3 122 1 025 1 430 EBITDA 1 657 2 245 1 572 1 991 Acquisitions/divestments/integration 45 (32) 101 40 Restructuring 54 50 36 45 Other 16 16 42 42 Sub-total APM adjustments to EBITDA 115 34 179 127 Adj. EBITDA 1 772 2 279 1 751 2 118 Operating profit (EBIT) 711 (877) 547 561 APM adjustments to EBITDA 115 34 179 127 Impairments of PPE and Intangible assets 35 1 957 90 238 Sub-total APM adjustments to operating profit (EBIT) 150 1 991 269 365 Adj. operating profit (EBIT) 861 1 114 816 926 PPA adjustments 429 461 Core adj. operating profit (EBIT) 1 290 1 277 Net profit 342 (1 039) 359 280 APM adjustments to operating profit (EBIT) 150 1 991 269 365 APM adjustments to financial income and expense 16 16 5 5 Income tax related to APM adjustments (35) (331) (40) (45) APM adjustments to share of the profit of associates/jointly controlled entities 57 57 (4) (4) Sub-total APM adjustments 188 1 733 230 321 Adj. Net profit 530 694 589 601 PPA adjustments 357 387 Core adj. net profit 887 976 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests (2) (11) Dividend on Cumulative Preference Shares - - Core adj. net profit available to holders of ordinary shares 885 9652025 2024 Continuingoperations Total GroupContinuingoperations Total Group Earnings per share (EPS) Average number of ordinary shares outstanding (x million) 259.3 259.3 264.6 264.6 x € million Net profit (loss) available to holders of ordinary shares 340 (1 081) 348 250 Adjusted net profit available to holders of ordinary shares 528 652 578 571 Core adj. net profit available to holders of ordinary shares 885 1 029 965 982 Interest on hybrid bonds (equity) 26 26 28 28 in € EPS 1.21 (4.27) 1.21 0.84 Adj. EPS 1.94 2.41 2.08 2.05 Core adj. EPS 3.31 3.87 3.54 3.61FY 2025 FY 2024 in € millions Continuingoperations TotalContinuingoperations TotalAdjusted EBITDA 1 772 2 279 1 751 2 118 Change working capital (214) (210) 86 198 Capital expenditures (608) (764) (620) (764) Adj. gross operating free cash flow 950 1 305 1 217 1 552FY 2025 FY 2024 Continuing Operations Total Group Continuing Operations Total Group in € million Adjusted Total Adjusted Total Adjusted Total Adjusted Total Net Sales 9 034 9 034 12 521 12 521 9 054 9 054 12 799 12 799 Gross margin 3 558 3 530 4 389 4 340 3 571 3 553 4 294 4 241 EBITDA 1 772 1 657 2 279 2 245 1 751 1 572 2 118 1 991 Depreciation & Amortization 911 946 1 165 3 122 935 1 025 1 192 1 430 EBIT 861 711 1 114 -877 816 547 926 561 Financial income and expense (127) (143) (137) (153) (119) (124) (129) (134) Profit before inc. tax 734 568 977 -1 030 697 423 797 427 Income tax expense (153) (118) (233) 98 (104) (64) (192) (147) Share profit and other results associates (51) (108) (50) (107) (4) 0 (4) 0 Group net profit 530 342 694 (1 039) 589 359 601 280 PPA adjustments 357 377 387 411 Core net profit 887 1 071 976 1 012Geographical informationSwitzer-land Nether-lands Rest of EMEA North America Latin America China Rest ofAsia Total FY 2025 Continuing operations Net sales (by destination) In € millions 214 302 3 098 2 353 857 671 1 539 9 034 In % 2 3 35 26 10 7 17 100 Workforce at period-end (headcount)¹ 3 678 1 763 8 437 4 204 3 577 3 324 3 567 28 550 Intangible assets and property  plant and equipment at period-end (carrying amount) 11 190 1 555 3 279 2 393 322 522 297 19 558 FY 2024 Continuing operations Net sales (by destination) In € millions 173 296 3 018 2 456 882 708 1 521 9 054 In % 2 3 33 27 10 8 17 100 Workforce at period-end (headcount)¹ 3 734 1 776 8 134 4 155 3 565 3 365 3 485 28 214 Intangible assets and property  plant and equipment at year-end (carrying amount)¹ 14 946 1 618 3 220 2 689 428 603 299 23 8031 Refers to Total Group  including discontinued operationsAuditThe financial statements and other reported data in this press release have not been audited.Financial calendarFebruary 20  2026 – Publication IAR 2025March 12  2026 – Investor Event  LondonMay 6  2026 – publication of dsm-firmenich Q1 2026 trading updateMay 7  2026 – AGM  Kaiseraugst (CH)July 30  2026 - publication of dsm-firmenich H1 2026 resultsNovember 4  2026 - publication of dsm-firmenich Q3 2026 trading updateAdditional informationToday dsm-firmenich will hold a webcast for investors and analysts at 9:00 am CET. Details on how to access this call can be found on www.dsm-firmenich.com.For more informationMedia relationsRobin Roothanstel. +41 (0)79 280 03 96e-mail media@dsm-firmenich.comInvestor relationsDave Huizingtel. +31 (0)88 425 7306e-mail investors@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for people and the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people.www.dsm-firmenich.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance  transaction progress and positions to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Annex 1: Comparative figures – restated2024 Restated 2025 Restated in € millions Q4 FY Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY New structure: Perfumery & Beauty Net sales 922 3 776 974 945 937 904 3 760 Adj. EBITDA 194 842 219 207 206 183 815 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 21.0 22.3 22.5 21.9 22.0 20.2 21.7 OSG-% 7 3 1 3 4 3 Taste  Texture & Health Net sales 758 3 109 827 802 787 730 3 146 Adj. EBITDA 144 626 170 165 165 148 648 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 19.0 20.1 20.6 20.6 21.0 20.3 20.6 OSG-% 10 7 4 3 2 4 Health  Nutrition & Care Net sales 550 2 117 533 550 507 512 2 102 Adj. EBITDA 110 377 97 99 110 101 407 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 20.0 17.8 18.2 18.0 21.7 19.7 19.4 OSG-% 0 6 5 0 (1) 3 Corporate Activities Net sales 9 52 6 6 7 7 26 Adj. EBITDA (24) (94) (26) (25) (23) (24) (98) Total Continuing Operations Net sales 2 239 9 054 2 340 2 303 2 238 2 153 9 034 Adj. EBITDA 424 1 751 460 446 458 408 1 772 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.9 19.3 19.7 19.4 20.5 19.0 19.6 OSG-% 6 5 3 2 2 3 Discontinued Operations Net sales 1 018 3 745 934 933 832 788 3 487 Adj. EBITDA 177 367 190 164 82 71 507 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 17.4 9.8 20.3 17.6 9.9 9.0 14.5 Total Group Net sales 3 257 12 799 3 274 3 236 3 070 2 941 12 521 Adj. EBITDA 601 2 118 650 610 540 479 2 279 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.5 16.5 19.9 18.9 17.6 16.3 18.2 OSG-% 7 6 8 6 2 (3) 3Annex 2: Comparative figures - reported2024 Reported 2025 Reported in € millions Q4 FY Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY Perfumery & Beauty Net sales 966 3 964 1 015 974 970 934 3 893 Adj. EBITDA 202 882 230 208 214 192 844 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 20.9 22.3 22.7 21.4 22.1 20.6 21.7 OSG-% 5 7 2 0 2 3 2 Taste  Texture & Health Net sales 790 3 245 851 835 809 756 3 251 Adj. EBITDA 144 615 168 171 167 149 655 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.2 19.0 19.7 20.5 20.6 19.7 20.1 OSG-% 4 8 7 5 3 1 4 Health  Nutrition & Care Net sales 562 2 214 528 544 502 507 2 081 Adj. EBITDA 102 371 92 100 96 98 386 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.1 16.8 17.4 18.4 19.1 19.3 18.5 OSG-% 5 1 7 6 3 (2) 3 Animal Nutrition & Health Net sales 930 3 324 874 877 782 736 3 269 Adj. EBITDA 176 343 186 156 86 64 492 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.9 10.3 21.3 17.8 11.0 8.7 15.1 OSG-% 16 5 19 18 0 (12) 5 Corporate Activities Net sales 9 52 6 6 7 8 27 Adj. EBITDA (23) (93) (26) (25) (23) (24) (98) Total Group Net sales 3 257 12 799 3 274 3 236 3 070 2 941 12 521 Adj. EBITDA 601 2 118 650 610 540 479 2 279 Adj. EBITDA margin (%) 18.5 16.5 19.9 18.9 17.6 16.3 18.2 OSG-% 7 6 8 6 2 (3) 3Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['full year 2025 results', 'dsm-firmenich', 'full year 2025 results Management Report', 'New €500 million share repurchase program', 'essential, everyday consumer products', 'innovation‑driven growth profile', '€115 million Adjusted EBITDA contribution', 'three continuing business operations', 'consumer company Investor Event', 'full year outlook', 'CDP double A', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'challenging macroeconomic backdrop', 'three strategic priorities', 'CVC Capital Partners', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'working capital efficiency', 'Organic sales growth', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'rising dividend policy', 'Q4 2024 % Change Sales', 'Adj. EBITDA margin', 'sustainable long-term value', 'innovation-led core activities', 'leading consumer-focused company', 'mid-term financial ambitions', 'FY 2024 % Change Q4', 'synergies Strategic plan', 'Good financial performance', 'target merger synergies', 'strong contribution', '2 Adj. EBITDA', 'business perspective', 'innovation-driven growth', 'sustainable value', 'continuing operations', 'capital discipline', 'mid-term ambitions', 'sales synergies', 'strategic roadmap', 'core strengths', 'sales conversion', 'Discontinued Operations', 'Good progress', 'stable dividend', 'cost synergies', 'revenue synergies', 'Press Release', 'EcoVadis Platinum', 'next phase', 'Key figures', 'Net profit', 'ANH) activities', 'final step', 'important milestone', 'innovative solutions', 'critical role', 'second half', 'stable to', 'successful completion', 'best practices', 'solid foundations', 'continuous improvement', 'operational excellence', 'customer intimacy', 'strong cost', 'Animal Nutrition', 'divested businesses', 'cash generation', 'synergy delivery', 'Total Group', '€2.50 dividend', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'February', 'dsm-firmenich', '2025 highlights', 'divestment', 'Health', 'Assets', 'Q1', 'Sustainability', 'Climate', 'Water', 'journey', 'March', 'millions', 'liabilities', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'CEO', 'beauty', 'execution', 'strategy', 'stakeholders', 'resilience', 'portfolio', 'London', 'update', 'Perfumery', 'Taste', 'Texture', 'Care', 'tuning', 'Anchor', 'organization', 'promises', 'track', 'operating', 'addition']",2026-02-12,2026-02-13,globenewswire.com
