UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32815,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/587391-israel-banks-segregation-russian-assets/,Israeli banks blocking Russian assets – media,Several banks in Israel have started segregating accounts that belong to Russians  media report  citing experts Read Full Article at RT.com,The measures have so far reportedly targeted securities linked with EU clearing house EuroclearSeveral leading Israeli banks have begun to segregate accounts belonging to Russian citizens or Russian tax residents  Forbes and RBK reported on Thursday  citing lawyers and financiers.According to Mark Oigman  founder of international financial company SmartGen  the measures stem from EU sanctions  in particular restrictions introduced against Russians by the Belgian-based depositary Euroclear.Last year  the clearing house blocked accounts at Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  through which Russian investors had managed their assets held in foreign jurisdictions. Under guidance from Euroclear  if a Russian resident’s investment portfolio exceeded €100 000 ($108 000)  any coupon income  dividends  or proceeds from the sale of assets linked to it were credited to a special segregated account. This deprived Russian clients of the possibility to manage their assets  and gave Euroclear a means to block them in the event of sanctions violations  Vadim Pogosyan  a partner at asset management firm Smartly  told Forbes.The restrictions initially applied only to EU-based financial institutions which held Euroclear-linked assets  but the clearing house has since instructed its counterparties outside the bloc to comply with the requirements. Segregation measures targeting Russian accounts were previously introduced at the UAE’s NBD Bank and the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange (KASE). According to media sources  an order instructing Israeli financial institutions to segregate accounts belonging to Russians came into force on November 13.“Israeli banks began verbally warning some of their clients – most likely many – about the risks of blocking last week. Many people last week sold everything they could sell to avoid segregation. According to my estimates  few securities were blocked  since a lot of work was done  and at least private banking clients  wealthy Russians  managed to sell assets subject to segregation ” Oigman told RBK.According to Aleksey Kovalenko of Israel-based legal firm Kovalenko and Partners  Israeli banks are currently negotiating the details of asset segregations with Euroclear  as many account holders have duel Russian-Israeli citizenship  and permanently live in Israel.“The Israeli side insists that those who have an Israeli passport are in fact Israelis and should not be subject to the restrictions that should affect Russians  even despite having a second Russian passport ” the lawyer stated.However  experts have warned that Israeli banks are likely to continue the segregation procedures for the time being in order to comply with Euroclear rules.According to Forbes sources  the Israel Discount Bank is so far the only bank in the country to have started segregating Russian assets. Other financial organizations are reportedly waiting for the end of negotiations with Euroclear and the finalized step-by-step action plan.Meanwhile  financial experts have suggested that Russian investors should de-risk their holdings by selling assets linked with Euroclear  and should instead buy Israeli or American securities that are not connected to the depository.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,neutral,0.02,0.8,0.18,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Israeli banks', 'Russian assets', 'media', 'Several leading Israeli banks', 'special segregated account', 'Kazakhstan Stock Exchange', 'Israel-based legal firm', 'step action plan', 'international financial company', 'EU-based financial institutions', 'Other financial organizations', 'asset management firm', 'many account holders', 'Russian tax residents', 'Israeli financial institutions', 'National Settlement Depository', 'private banking clients', 'second Russian passport', 'EU clearing house', 'Israel Discount Bank', 'Israeli passport', 'EU sanctions', 'Many people', 'asset segregations', 'financial experts', 'Israeli side', 'Russian citizens', 'Russian investors', 'Russian resident', 'Russian clients', 'Belgian-based depositary', 'foreign jurisdictions', 'investment portfolio', 'coupon income', 'sanctions violations', 'Vadim Pogosyan', 'NBD Bank', 'media sources', 'Russian-Israeli citizenship', 'business section', 'Russian assets', 'Mark Oigman', 'Aleksey Kovalenko', 'segregation procedures', 'Russian accounts', 'Forbes sources', 'American securities', 'Euroclear-linked assets', 'wealthy Russians', 'Euroclear rules', 'Segregation measures', 'RBK', 'Thursday', 'lawyers', 'financiers', 'founder', 'SmartGen', 'particular', 'restrictions', 'NSD', 'guidance', 'dividends', 'proceeds', 'sale', 'possibility', 'means', 'event', 'partner', 'counterparties', 'bloc', 'requirements', 'UAE', 'KASE', 'order', 'force', 'November', 'risks', 'everything', 'estimates', 'lot', 'work', 'details', 'duel', 'fact', 'Israelis', 'time', 'country', 'negotiations', 'holdings', 'stories', 'economy', 'finance']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,rt.com
32816,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEREO-BIOPHARMA-GROUP-PLC-59394679/news/Mereo-BioPharma-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-45372797/,Mereo BioPharma : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K -November 16  2023 at 07:06 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this notice or as to the action you should take  please take advice from a stockbroker  so…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this notice or as to the action you should take  please take advice from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"")  please send this document  together with the enclosed documents  at once to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. It is important that you submit your proxy vote electronically. Proxies may be submitted electronically using Link Group's Signal Shares share portal service at www.signalshares.com or in hard copy form if you request a hard copy Form of Proxy from the Company's registrar  Link Group. In order to be valid  proxy appointments must be submitted using Link Group's Signal Shares share portal service or in hard copy form to Link Group at PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL  in each case  so as to be received by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting. The electronic appointment of a proxy using Link Group's Signal Shares share portal service or the completion and return of a Form of Proxy in hard copy form will not preclude shareholders from attending and voting at the General Meeting should they so wish. Any hard copy Form of Proxy should  to be valid  be completed and signed in accordance with the instructions printed on it. If you require a hard copy Form of Proxy (or assistance with how to complete  sign and return it) or assistance in submitting your proxy appointment electronically  please call Link Group's portal team on +44 (0)371 664 0391. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. (UK Time)  Monday to Friday  excluding public holidays in England and Wales. If you hold your Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form (i.e. in CREST)  you may appoint a proxy for the General Meeting by completing and transmitting a CREST Proxy Instruction in accordance with the procedures set out in the CREST Manual issued by Euroclear so that it is received by the registrar (under CREST Participation ID RA10) by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023. The time of receipt will be taken to be the time from which the registrar is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner proscribed by CREST. A copy of this document will also be available on the Company's website  https://www.mereobiopharma.com/gm2023 NOTICE OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF MEREO BIOPHARMA GROUP PLC (THE ""COMPANY"") to be held at the 5th Floor  One Cavendish Place  London W1G 0QF  United Kingdom on 18 December 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements This document contains statements about the Company that are or may be ""forward-looking statements"". We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbour provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this document  including  without limitation  statements regarding our status as a ""foreign private issuer"" and the consequences of losing such status are forward-looking statements. The words ""targets""  ""plans""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""aims""  ""intends""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should""  ""anticipates""  ""estimates""  ""projects"" or words or terms of similar substance  or the negative thereof  are intended to identify forward-looking statements  though not all forward-looking statements use these words or expressions. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results  performance or achievements of any such person  or industry results  to differ materially from any results  performanceor achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements  including  but not limited to: we expect to lose our foreign private issuer status in the future which could result in significant additional costs and expenses. These and other important factors are discussed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Company's annual reports and accounts and filings that the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 and subsequent reports furnished on Form 6-K. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of such persons and the environment in which each will operate in the future. Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance. Investors should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and  save as is required by law or regulation  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements (including to reflect any change in expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based). All subsequent forward-looking statements attributed to the Company or any persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. All forward-looking statements contained in this document are based on information available to the Company at the date of this document  unless some other time is specified in relation to them  and the posting or receipt of this document shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth herein since such date. Notice to overseas persons The distribution of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 2Contents DEFINITIONS 4 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF MEREO BIOPHARMA GROUP PLC 5 NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING 7 3Definitions The definitions set out below apply throughout this document  unless the context requires otherwise: ""Articles of Association"" means the articles of association of the Company in force at the date of this document; ""Articles Amendment"" means the amendment to the Articles of Association described in paragraph 2 of the Letter from the Chairman of the Company contained in this document; ""Company"" means Mereo BioPharma Group plc; ""Directors"" means the directors of the Company as at the date of this document  whose names are set out on page 5 of this document; ""Exchange Act"" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; ""Form of Proxy"" means the form of proxy for use in relation to the General Meeting; ""General Meeting"" means the General Meeting of the Company  notice of which is contained in this document; ""Nasdaq"" means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; ""Notice of General Meeting"" means the notice convening the General Meeting contained in this document; ""Ordinary Shares"" means the ordinary shares of £0.003 each in the capital of the Company; ""Resolution"" means the resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting as set out in the Notice of General Meeting; ""Shareholders"" means the holders of Ordinary Shares; and ""UK Time"" means the time in the United Kingdom. 4LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF MEREO BIOPHARMA GROUP PLC (registered and incorporated in England and Wales with Company number 09481161) Directors Registered Office: Michael Wyzga (Chairman) 4th Floor  Dr. Denise Scots-Knight (Chief Executive Officer) One Cavendish Place  Dr. Jeremy Bender (Non-Executive Director) London W1G 0QF Dr. Anders Ekblom (Non-Executive Director) Dr. Pierre Jacquet (Non-Executive Director) 16 November 2023 Dr. Annalisa Jenkins (Non-Executive Director) Dr. Deepa Pakianathan (Non-Executive Director) Justin Roberts (Non-Executive Director) Dr. Daniel Shames (Non-Executive Director) Marc Yoskowitz (Non-Executive Director) (together  the ""Directors"") Dear Shareholder  Notice of General Meeting 1. Introduction The purpose of this document is to provide you with details of the General Meeting of the Company to be held on 18 December 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) and convened by the formal Notice of General Meeting set out on page 7 of this document. This letter also explains the background to and reasons for the resolution which will be proposed at the General Meeting (the ""Resolution"")  why the Directors consider the Resolution to be in the best interests of shareholders of the Company as a whole and why they unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of the Resolution. 2. Background to and reasons for the Resolution The Company currently qualifies as a ""foreign private issuer"" under the Exchange Act. As a ""foreign private issuer""  the Company relies on certain home country governance practices rather than the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq applicable to U.S. domestic companies  as is permitted by the listing requirements of Nasdaq. With effect from 1 January 2024  the Company will no longer qualify for ""foreign private issuer"" status and it will therefore be subject to  amongst other rules and requirements  the Nasdaq listing requirements applicable to U.S. domestic companies  including  but not limited to  requirements with respect to the composition of the board of directors and committees  certain corporate governance matters and shareholder approval of certain actions. The Board is committed to ensuring that the Company will be in compliance with all applicable additional rules and requirements as of 1 January 2024 and the Company  together with its advisers  have therefore undertaken a detailed review of its existing governance arrangements in order to identify and implement any required changes. 5As part of this review  it has been identified that  in order to comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(c)  the Articles of Association must be amended so as to specify that the quorum for any meeting of the Shareholders shall not be less than 33 1/3 per cent. of the issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares (the ""Articles Amendment""). The Resolution gives effect to the Articles Amendment and is proposed as a special resolution  requiring the approval of the Shareholders at the General Meeting by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. Approval by Shareholders of the Resolution will ensure that the Company is in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules pertaining to Shareholder meeting quorum requirements as of 1 January 2024. Therefore  the Directors consider the Resolution to be in the best interests of Shareholders of the Company as a whole and unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of the Resolution. 3. Action to be taken Please submit your vote by proxy electronically using Link Group's Signal Shares share portal service at www.signalshares.com or in hard copy form if you request a hard copy Form of Proxy from the Company's registrar  Link Group. In order to be valid  proxy appointments must be submitted using Link Group's Signal Shares share portal service or in hard copy form to Link Group at PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL  in each case  so as to be received by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting. If you require a hard copy Form of Proxy (or assistance with how to complete  sign and return it) or assistance in submitting your proxy appointment electronically  please call Link Group's portal team on +44 (0) 71 664 0391. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday  excluding public holidays in England and Wales. If you hold your Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form (i.e. in CREST)  you may appoint a proxy for the General Meeting by completing and transmitting a CREST Proxy Instruction in accordance with the procedures set out in the CREST Manual issued by Euroclear so that it is received by the registrar (under CREST Participation ID RA10) by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting. The time of receipt will be taken to be the time from which the registrar is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner proscribed by CREST. The appointment of a proxy will not preclude you from attending the General Meeting and voting in person if you so wish. 4. Recommendation The Directors consider that the Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and is likely to promote the success of the Company. The Directors unanimously recommend that you vote IN FAVOUR of the proposed Resolution  as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings. Yours faithfully  Michael Wyzga Chairman 6MEREO BIOPHARMA GROUP PLC (the ""Company"") (registered and incorporated in England and Wales with company number 09481161) NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a General Meeting of the Company will be held at 5th Floor  One Cavendish Place  London W1G 0QF  United Kingdom on 18 December 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolution as a special resolution. 1. That  with effect from the passing of this resolution  the articles of association of the Company be and are hereby amended by the replacement of article 39.2 and the addition and adoption of a new article 39.3  as follows: ""39.2 Subject to the provisions of Article 39.3  the requisite quorum for general meetings of the Company shall be two qualifying persons  as determined in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. 39.3 If and for so long as the Company is subject to the rules and requirements of a securities exchange and such securities exchange requires the Company to have a quorum for general meetings then  in addition to the requisite quorum requirement in Article 39.2  in order for such general meeting to be quorate at least 33 1/3 per cent. of the Company's issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares (or such other amount as may be specified by such rules and requirements) must be present at such general meeting  whether represented in person (including  in the case of a corporate Member  by duly authorised representative) or by duly appointed proxy."" BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Charles Sermon REGISTERED OFFICE Company Secretary 4th Floor One Cavendish Place 16 November 2023 London W1G 0QF 7Notice of General Meeting Notes: Entitlement to Attend and Vote 1. To be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting (and for the purposes of the determination by the Company of the votes that may be cast in accordance with Regulation 41 of the Uncertified Securities Regulations 2001)  only those members registered in the Company's register of members at 6.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 (or  if the meeting is adjourned at 6.00 p.m. (UK Time) on the date which is two business days prior to the adjourned meeting) shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. Changes to the register of members of the Company after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting. Appointment of Proxies 2. If you are a member of the Company at the time set out in note 1 above  you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote at the meeting. You can appoint a proxy only using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the proxy form by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting. 3. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the meeting you will need to appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chair of the meeting) and give your instructions directly to them. 4. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different Ordinary Shares. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one Ordinary Share. To appoint more than one proxy  please indicate on your proxy submission how many Ordinary Shares it relates to. 5. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at their discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as they think fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting. Appointment of Proxy Using Hard Copy Proxy Form 6. A hard copy Form of Proxy has not been sent to you but you can request one directly from Link Group's general helpline team on +44 (0) 371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. (UK Time)  Monday to Friday  excluding public holidays in England and Wales. Alternatively  you can request a hard copy Form of Proxy via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or via postal address at Link Group  PXS1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL. In the case of a member which is a company  the Form of Proxy must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the Form of Proxy. Appointment of a Proxy Online 7. You may submit your proxy electronically using the Share Portal service at www.signalshares.com. Shareholders can use this service to vote or appoint a proxy online. The same voting deadline of 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting applies. Shareholders will need to use the unique personal identification Investor Code (""IVC"") printed on your share certificate. If you need help with voting online  please contact Link Group's portal team on +44 (0) 371 664 0391 or via email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open 9.00 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. (UK Time)  Monday to Friday  excluding public holidays in England and Wales. Appointment of Proxies Through CREST 8. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from https://www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID: RA10) by no later than 2.00 p.m. (UK Time) on 14 December 2023 or 48 hours before any adjourned meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. 9. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. 10. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 8Appointment of Proxies via Proxymity 11. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the meeting in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote. Appointment of Proxy by Joint Members 12. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding  the first-named being the most senior. Changing Proxy Instructions 13. To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off times for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using a hard-copy Form or Proxy and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy Form or Proxy  please contact Link Group as per the communication methods shown in note 6. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence. Termination of Proxy Appointments 14. In order to revoke a proxy instruction  you will need to inform the Company by sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke your proxy appointment to Link Group  at the address shown in note 6. In the case of a member which is a company  the revocation notice must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an officer of the company or an attorney for the company. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the revocation notice is signed  or a duly certified copy of such power or authority  must be included with the revocation notice. The revocation notice must be received by Link Group no later than 48 hours before the meeting. If you attempt to revoke your proxy appointment but the revocation is received after the time specified then  subject to the paragraph directly below  your proxy appointment will remain valid. Completion of a proxy will not preclude you from attending the General Meeting and voting in person if you so wish. Corporate Representatives 15. A corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same Ordinary Share. Issued Shares and Total Voting Rights 16. As at close of business on the day immediately prior to the date of posting of this notice of General Meeting  the Company's issued share capital comprised 701 217 089 Ordinary Shares. Each Ordinary Share carries the right to one vote at a general meeting of the Company and  therefore  the total number of voting rights in the Company as at close of business on the day immediately prior to the date of posting of this notice of General Meeting is 701 217 089. Electronic address 17. You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of Section 333(4) of the Companies Act 2006) provided in this notice of General Meeting (or in any related documents including the form of proxy) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Documents 18. A copy of the Articles of Association marked up to show the changes proposed in the Resolution will be available at https://www.mereobiopharma.com/gm2023 from the date of this Notice until the end of the General Meeting. 9",neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Mereo BioPharma', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'November', '07:06', 'Signal Shares share portal service', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other independent professional adviser', 'MEREO BIOPHARMA GROUP PLC', 'CREST Participation ID RA', 'foreign private issuer status', 'PXS 1, Central Square', 'standard geographic rate', 'applicable international rate', 'One Cavendish Place', 'London W1G 0QF', 'safe harbour provisions', 'significant additional costs', 'other important factors', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'future business strategies', 'hard copy form', 'CREST Proxy Instruction', 'portal team', 'ordinary shares', 'Exchange Commission', 'other factors', 'other agent', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'Link Group', 'uncertificated form', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', '29 Wellington Street', 'Leeds LS1', 'electronic appointment', 'public holidays', 'CREST Manual', '5th Floor', 'United Kingdom', 'Cautionary note', 'historical facts', 'similar substance', 'annual reports', 'subsequent reports', 'numerous assumptions', 'General Meeting', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'industry results', 'proxy vote', 'proxy appointments', 'UK Time', 'future performance', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'aspect', 'proposals', 'notice', 'action', 'advice', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'capital', 'Company', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', 'Proxies', 'signalshares', 'registrar', 'order', 'case', '14 December', 'completion', 'return', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'assistance', 'Calls', 'provider', 'Lines', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'England', 'Wales', 'procedures', 'Euroclear', 'receipt', 'message', 'enquiry', 'manner', 'website', 'mereobiopharma', '18 December', 'limitation', 'consequences', 'forward', 'words', 'targets', 'plans', 'expects', 'aims', 'projects', 'terms', 'expressions', 'guarantees', 'known', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'person', 'expenses', 'accounts', 'filings', 'year', 'present', 'environment', '2.00', '5.30']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32817,Clearstream,Bing API,https://delano.lu/article/clearstream-and-investrfp-com-,Clearstream and InvestRFP.com partner to enhance fund selection,Clearstream and InvestRFP.com will integrate a new ‘request for proposal’ service into Clearstream’s fund centre platform.,Clearstream and InvestRFP.com have introduced an RFP service to the Clearstream Fund Centre platform. The new offering is aimed at enhancing the investment fund selection and decision-making process  Clearstream  a global provider of post-trading services  stated in an announcement on Wednesday 15 November 2023. Its partner  InvestRFP.com  specialises in ‘request for proposal’ solutions for fund assessments  asset manager selection and monitoring.The integration of InvestRFP.com’s platform into Clearstream’s fund services  which already cover fund execution  distribution and data management  expands their offerings. This new tool helps fund distributors with qualitative assessments and informed decision-making  stated the press release  benefiting both distributors and asset managers in the Clearstream ecosystem.According to Clearstream  RFPs are critical in the fund industry and are used to solicit proposals from providers for investment management or other services in a structured manner. Distributors commonly face challenges in evaluating investment funds within specific investment strategies. The partnership between Clearstream and InvestRFP.com aims to address these challenges by improving the RFP process for fund distributors  Clearstream said.,neutral,0.26,0.74,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.86,0.07,True,English,"['InvestRFP.com partner', 'fund selection', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream Fund Centre platform', 'asset manager selection', 'specific investment strategies', 'investment fund selection', 'asset managers', 'investment management', 'investment funds', 'fund assessments', 'fund services', 'fund execution', 'fund industry', 'InvestRFP.com', 'RFP service', 'new offering', 'decision-making process', 'global provider', 'post-trading services', 'Wednesday 15 November', 'proposal’ solutions', 'data management', 'new tool', 'qualitative assessments', 'informed decision-making', 'press release', 'other services', 'structured manner', 'RFP process', 'Clearstream ecosystem', 'fund distributors', 'announcement', 'partner', 'request', 'monitoring', 'integration', 'distribution', 'offerings', 'RFPs', 'proposals', 'providers', 'challenges']",2023-11-17,2023-11-17,delano.lu
32818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781564/0/en/Syensqo-announces-approval-of-the-prospectus-relating-to-the-listing-of-Syensqo-shares-on-Euronext-Brussels-and-Euronext-Paris.html,Syensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris,Press release        Regulated information  Syensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels...,Press releaseRegulated informationSyensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels and Euronext ParisBrussels  Belgium – November 16  2023 - 8:30 CETToday  Syensqo SA/NV (“Syensqo” or the “Company”) announced that the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority has approved the prospectus relating to the admission to listing and trading of its shares on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris (the “Prospectus”)  in connection with the previously announced planned separation of Solvay SA/NV (“Solvay”) into two independent listed companies – SOLVAY and SYENSQO – by way of a partial demerger of Solvay.Subject to approval by Solvay’s shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting convened for December 8  2023  Syensqo expects to become an independent listed company and its shares to commence trading on an ‘as-if-and-when-delivered’ basis on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris under ticker “SYENS” at market open at 9:00 a.m. CET on December 11  2023.The Prospectus comprises a registration document  dated June 29  2023  together with a supplement to the registration document  a securities note and a summary of the prospectus  each dated November 15  2023. Each constituent document of the Prospectus is available on the websites of Syensqo (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff/documents) and Solvay (www.solvay.com). The Prospectus will be notified to the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) under the EU passporting regime.Important legal informationThe contemplated separation of Solvay and the Admission are subject to general market conditions and customary closing conditions  including the approval by Solvay’s shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting expected to be held on December 8  2023 (or on a subsequent date to be announced by Solvay and the Company)  of the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay (the “Partial Demerger”). The Company will keep the market informed  if and when appropriate  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.This press release is not a prospectus or other offering document for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  and the allocation of shares of Syensqo to Solvay’s shareholders as part of the contemplated Partial Demerger is expected to be carried out in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation.You should read the Prospectus prepared by the Company for purposes of the listing and admission of its shares to trading on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris (the “Admission”). The approval of the Prospectus by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority should not be understood as an endorsement of the shares of the Company to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned regulated markets.Any potential investor should make their investment solely on the basis of information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors should read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Company’s shares.DisclaimerThis press release is for informational purposes only and is not intended to  and does not  constitute an offer or invitation to sell or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for  any securities of the Company or Solvay  any part of the business or assets described herein  or any other interests or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions described herein or otherwise  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. This press release should not be construed in any manner as a recommendation to any reader thereof.The securities of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and neither Solvay nor the Company intend to make a public offer of securities in the United States.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is directed solely to persons in the United Kingdom who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments  such persons falling within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”) or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only to relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.No representation or warranty or undertaking  express or implied  is made by the Company  Solvay or any of their affiliates  shareholders  directors  advisors  employees and representatives or any other person as to  and no reliance should be placed upon  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the press release or the opinions contained therein or any other statement made or purported to be made in connection with the Company or Solvay  for any purpose whatsoever  including but not limited to any investment considerations. No responsibility  obligation or liability whatsoever  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  is or will be accepted by the Company  Solvay or any of their affiliates  shareholders  directors  advisors  employees and any respective representatives or any other person for any loss  cost of damage howsoever arising from any use of the press release  or for information or opinions or for any errors  omissions or misstatements contained therein or otherwise arising in connection therewith.About SyensqoSyensqo is a science company developing groundbreaking solutions that enhance the way we live  work  travel and play. Inspired by the scientific councils which Ernest Solvay initiated in 1911  we bring great minds together to push the limits of science and innovation for the benefit of our customers  with a diverse  global team of more than 13 000 associates.Our solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices and health care applications. Our innovation power enables us to deliver on the ambition of a circular economy and explore breakthrough technologies that advance humanity.Learn more at https://www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoffContactsMedia relationsNathalie van Ypersele+32 478 20 10 62Perrine Marchal+32 478 32 62 72Laetitia Schreiber+32 487 74 38 07media.relations@solvay.com Investor relationsJodi Allen+1 609 860 4608Sherief Bakr+44 7920 575 989Bisser Alexandrov+33 6 07 63 52 80Imtiyaz Lokhandwala+1 609 860 3959investor.relations@solvay.comEmails and websites remain under the Solvay domain until separation  except for Syensqo’s website (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff).Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Paris', 'Syensqo shares', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'listing', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'two independent listed companies', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'customary closing conditions', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'independent listed company', 'Important legal information', 'UK domestic law', 'EU passporting regime', 'general market conditions', 'other offering document', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'Financial Promotion', 'Markets Act', 'other interests', 'other information', 'regulated markets', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'partial demerger', 'registration document', 'constituent document', 'subsequent date', 'applicable laws', 'European Union', 'potential investor', 'potential risks', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'professional experience', 'securities note', 'securities laws', 'investment professionals', 'The Prospectus', 'informational purposes', 'Syensqo SA/NV', 'Euronext Paris', 'investment decision', 'Solvay SA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'public offer', 'Syensqo shares', 'investors', 'approval', 'listing', 'Belgium', 'November', '8:30 CET', 'admission', 'trading', 'connection', 'separation', 'way', 'shareholders', 'December', 'basis', 'ticker', 'supplement', 'summary', 'websites', 'documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'June', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'allocation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'endorsement', 'order', 'rewards', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'business', 'assets', 'vote', 'jurisdiction', 'transactions', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'manner', 'recommendation', 'reader', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'Article', '9:00']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLVAY-SA-5966/news/Syensqo-announces-approval-of-the-prospectus-relating-to-the-listing-of-Syensqo-shares-on-Euronext-B-45370106/,Syensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris,(marketscreener.com) Press release Regulated information Syensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris Brussels  Belgium – November 16  2023 - 8:30 CET Today  Syensqo SA/NV annou…,Communiqué officiel de SOLVAY SAPress releaseRegulated informationSyensqo announces approval of the prospectus relating to the listing of Syensqo shares on Euronext Brussels and Euronext ParisBrussels  Belgium – November 16  2023 - 8:30 CETToday  Syensqo SA/NV (“Syensqo” or the “Company”) announced that the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority has approved the prospectus relating to the admission to listing and trading of its shares on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris (the “Prospectus”)  in connection with the previously announced planned separation of Solvay SA/NV (“Solvay”) into two independent listed companies – SOLVAY and SYENSQO – by way of a partial demerger of Solvay.Subject to approval by Solvay’s shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting convened for December 8  2023  Syensqo expects to become an independent listed company and its shares to commence trading on an ‘as-if-and-when-delivered’ basis on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris under ticker “SYENS” at market open at 9:00 a.m. CET on December 11  2023.The Prospectus comprises a registration document  dated June 29  2023  together with a supplement to the registration document  a securities note and a summary of the prospectus  each dated November 15  2023. Each constituent document of the Prospectus is available on the websites of Syensqo (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff/documents) and Solvay (www.solvay.com). The Prospectus will be notified to the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) under the EU passporting regime.Important legal informationThe contemplated separation of Solvay and the Admission are subject to general market conditions and customary closing conditions  including the approval by Solvay’s shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting expected to be held on December 8  2023 (or on a subsequent date to be announced by Solvay and the Company)  of the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay (the “Partial Demerger”). The Company will keep the market informed  if and when appropriate  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.This press release is not a prospectus or other offering document for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  and the allocation of shares of Syensqo to Solvay’s shareholders as part of the contemplated Partial Demerger is expected to be carried out in circumstances that do not constitute “an offer to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation.You should read the Prospectus prepared by the Company for purposes of the listing and admission of its shares to trading on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris (the “Admission”). The approval of the Prospectus by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority should not be understood as an endorsement of the shares of the Company to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned regulated markets.Any potential investor should make their investment solely on the basis of information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors should read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Company’s shares.DisclaimerThis press release is for informational purposes only and is not intended to  and does not  constitute an offer or invitation to sell or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for  any securities of the Company or Solvay  any part of the business or assets described herein  or any other interests or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions described herein or otherwise  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. This press release should not be construed in any manner as a recommendation to any reader thereof.The securities of the Company have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and neither Solvay nor the Company intend to make a public offer of securities in the United States.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is directed solely to persons in the United Kingdom who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments  such persons falling within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”) or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only to relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.No representation or warranty or undertaking  express or implied  is made by the Company  Solvay or any of their affiliates  shareholders  directors  advisors  employees and representatives or any other person as to  and no reliance should be placed upon  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the press release or the opinions contained therein or any other statement made or purported to be made in connection with the Company or Solvay  for any purpose whatsoever  including but not limited to any investment considerations. No responsibility  obligation or liability whatsoever  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  is or will be accepted by the Company  Solvay or any of their affiliates  shareholders  directors  advisors  employees and any respective representatives or any other person for any loss  cost of damage howsoever arising from any use of the press release  or for information or opinions or for any errors  omissions or misstatements contained therein or otherwise arising in connection therewith.About SyensqoSyensqo is a science company developing groundbreaking solutions that enhance the way we live  work  travel and play. Inspired by the scientific councils which Ernest Solvay initiated in 1911  we bring great minds together to push the limits of science and innovation for the benefit of our customers  with a diverse  global team of more than 13 000 associates.Our solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices and health care applications. Our innovation power enables us to deliver on the ambition of a circular economy and explore breakthrough technologies that advance humanity.Learn more at https://www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoffContactsMedia relationsNathalie van Ypersele+32 478 20 10 62Perrine Marchal+32 478 32 62 72Laetitia Schreiber+32 487 74 38 07media.relations@solvay.com Investor relationsJodi Allen+1 609 860 4608Sherief Bakr+44 7920 575 989Bisser Alexandrov+33 6 07 63 52 80Imtiyaz Lokhandwala+1 609 860 3959investor.relations@solvay.comEmails and websites remain under the Solvay domain until separation  except for Syensqo’s website (www.syensqo.com/en/investors/spinoff).Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Paris', 'Syensqo shares', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'listing', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'two independent listed companies', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'customary closing conditions', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'independent listed company', 'Important legal information', 'UK domestic law', 'EU passporting regime', 'general market conditions', 'other offering document', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'Markets Act', 'other interests', 'other information', 'regulated markets', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'partial demerger', 'registration document', 'constituent document', 'subsequent date', 'applicable laws', 'European Union', 'potential investor', 'potential risks', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'professional experience', 'securities note', 'securities laws', 'investment professionals', 'The Prospectus', 'informational purposes', 'The Company', 'Syensqo SA/NV', 'Euronext Paris', 'investment decision', 'SOLVAY SA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'public offer', 'Syensqo shares', 'investors', 'approval', 'listing', 'Belgium', 'November', '8:30 CET', 'admission', 'trading', 'connection', 'separation', 'way', 'shareholders', 'December', 'basis', 'ticker', 'supplement', 'summary', 'websites', 'spinoff', 'documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'June', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'allocation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'endorsement', 'order', 'rewards', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'business', 'assets', 'vote', 'jurisdiction', 'transactions', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'manner', 'recommendation', 'reader', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'Article', '9:00']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781602/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-November-9-November-15-2023.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 9 – November 15  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 9 – November 15  2023  November 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of...,Share Buyback Transaction Details November 9 – November 15  2023November 16  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 195 597 of its own ordinary shares in the period from November 9  2023  up to and including November 15  2023  for €24.1 million and at an average share price of €123.36.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this year’s buyback program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 7 621 697 857.1 112.45For the period starting November 2  2023  up to and including December 27  2023  we have mandated a third party to execute €197 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of AssociationRepurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'November', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'share buyback program', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share buybacks', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'ADR) program', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'November', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'year', 'December', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781527/0/en/IBA-Business-Update-Third-Quarter-2023.html,IBA Business Update – Third Quarter 2023,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  16 November 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  today announces its business update for the third quarter ending 30 September 2023.,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  16 November 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  today announces its business update for the third quarter ending 30 September 2023.Group OverviewStrong backlog conversion acceleration in the third quarter across all businesses with good momentum to continue into the fourth quarter  reconfirming cyclical nature of business with revenue recognition heavily H2 weightedGood equipment order intake at period-end of EUR 151 million  down from exceptional order intake for the first 9 months of 2022 (EUR 260 million). Post-period  several major contracts finalized  bringing current order intake to EUR 203 millionBacklog remains at a high of EUR 1.3 billionGood OPEX management  in line with evolution of first halfReturn to profitability with slightly positive REBIT for Q3 2023Overall positive REBIT anticipated for the second half of 2023Healthy balance sheet maintained with EUR 58.7 million (unaudited) net cash position (30 June 2023: EUR 61.7 million)Henri de Romrée appointed as Chief Strategy OfficerMid-term guidance reiteratedOlivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA commented: “In line with our expectations and typical second half weighting  we are pleased to see the strong momentum in backlog conversion and revenue recognition over the quarter  with a return to profitability during the period This is expected to continue in the fourth quarter with a positive REBIT expected for the second half.“Looking forward  IBA continues to explore exciting new fields of application of its world-leading particle accelerator technologies  such as our PanTera venture in theranostics as well as potential environmental solutions for the treatment of forever chemicals (PFAS). Whilst IBA will maintain its core focus on delivery on its existing businesses  we see significant and valuable future opportunities and we are exploring new ways to organize the business to support this. I am pleased to welcome Henri de Romrée to IBA as Chief Strategy Officer to spearhead these efforts and we will provide a further update on this at the time of our full year results.”Proton TherapyContract for two Proteus ® ONE 1 proton therapy solutions finalized with Medtechnica Ltd  Tel Aviv  with first payments receivedONE proton therapy solutions finalized with Medtechnica Ltd  Tel Aviv  with first payments received Post period  a total system restoration and multi-year service contract was signed with Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH)  IBA’s first-ever proton therapy installation  worth between USD 80-100 million  with first payment received31 ongoing proton therapy projects including eight Proteus ® PLUS 1 and 23 Proteus ® ONEPLUS and 23 Proteus ONE All-time record construction and installation of a Proteus ® ONE at the UAMS Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute  Arkansas  completed only 20 months after contract signature  and the first patient treatedONE at the UAMS Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute  Arkansas  completed only 20 months after contract signature  and the first patient treated Installation of a Proteus ® ONE completed at the European Institute of Oncology  Milan  IBA’s second proton therapy center in ItalyONE completed at the European Institute of Oncology  Milan  IBA’s second proton therapy center in Italy First patient treated on a Proteus ® PLUS system at Tata Memorial Center  Mumbai  IBA’s second proton therapy center in IndiaPLUS system at Tata Memorial Center  Mumbai  IBA’s second proton therapy center in India Two proton therapy shipments made to customer sites ahead of installations starting in early 202440 service contracts now generating revenues globallyOther Accelerators (RadioPharma  Industrial)Five new machines sold during the period  bringing the total for the first nine months of 2023 to 13 (compared to 29 machines for the same period last year)  with sales in the US  Asia (including China)  and Europe17 Other Accelerators installations are ongoing  six of which started in the periodIBA continued to support the development of theranostics  with the first astatine-211 produced in Julich  Germany  using a Cyclone ® 30XP30XP In September  IBA co-hosted the International Food Ionization Processing Symposium (IFIS)  in Texas  USA  aimed at sharing information to accelerate the adoption of food ionizationPost-period end  IBA organized a symposium in Suzhou  China  providing a 360-degree view of X-ray sterilization technologyPanTera  the joint-venture between IBA and SCK-CEN is progressing well  both on the near-term production of actinium-225 in Belgium from mid-2024  as well as the longer-term large-scale productionDosimetryRecord order intake for the first nine months of 2023 with backlog standing at EUR 33.4 millionIBA released myQA ® iON version 2.1 for conventional radiation therapy and proton therapy  which incorporates ScandiDos’ Delta4 Phantom+  enabling 3D measurementsiON version 2.1 for conventional radiation therapy and proton therapy  which incorporates ScandiDos’ Delta4 Phantom+  enabling 3D measurements Excellent integration of new QUASAR line brand  formerly MODUS QA  with release of QUASAR Motion MR Platform  the world’s first large-scale  MR-safe motion platformOutlookAs anticipated at the time of its half year results  IBA confirms the strong acceleration of backlog conversion in the Proton Therapy and Other Accelerators business units during Q3 2023. This  alongside the continued strong performance of Dosimetry in the period and sustained OPEX spending  means that REBIT is expected to be positive for the second half of the year.IBA reiterates its mid-term guidance laid out at last year’s full-year results  based on the assumption that macro-economic factors continue to normalize over the coming year: supply chain issues stabilize  inflation drops back towards 3%  and challenges accessing certain regions reduce. In addition  guidance is on the basis that order intake remains solid  especially in the Proton Therapy and Industrial Solutions businesses. As a reminder  subject to these factors  IBA  expects:15% CAGR 2022-2026 on revenues  nearly doubling revenues over the next four yearsREBIT on sales will reach around 10% by 2026  delivered gradually and weighted to after 2024  as the current macro-economic effects wane and operating leverage accelerates with volumeCAPEX will grow from current EUR 5-7 million per year to around EUR 10-12 million per year until 2026 to support increased investment in infrastructure  innovation  sustainability and digitalization to maintain IBA’s leading offering and invest in its future growthFinancial calendarFull Year Results 2023 21 March 2024Business Update First Quarter 2024 23 May 2024General Assembly 12 June 2024About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBASoumya ChandramouliChief Financial Officer+32 10 475 890investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comICR ConsiliumAmber Fennell  Matthew Neal  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@consilium-comms.com1 Proteus®ONE and Proteus®PLUS are brand names of Proteus 235Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.72,0.21,0.07,True,English,"['IBA Business Update', 'Third Quarter', 'UAMS Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute', 'two Proteus ® ONE 1 proton therapy solutions', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', '23 Proteus ONE All-time record construction', 'International Food Ionization Processing Symposium', 'Two proton therapy shipments', 'unaudited) net cash position', 'Henri de Romrée', 'ONE proton therapy solutions', '31 ongoing proton therapy projects', 'world-leading particle accelerator technologies', 'longer-term large-scale production Dosimetry', 'X-ray sterilization technology PanTera', 'second proton therapy center', 'typical second half weighting', 'Good equipment order intake', 'Strong backlog conversion acceleration', 'particle accelerator technology', 'Record order intake', 'potential environmental solutions', 'Tata Memorial Center', 'exceptional order intake', 'current order intake', 'conventional radiation therapy', 'Good OPEX management', 'Healthy balance sheet', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'valuable future opportunities', 'full year results', 'Massachusetts General Hospital', 'ScandiDos’ Delta4 Phantom+', 'myQA ® iON version', 'proton therapy installation', 'exciting new fields', 'eight Proteus ® PLUS', 'several major contracts', 'Proteus ® PLUS system', 'first nine months', 'Overall positive REBIT', 'total system restoration', 'Five new machines', 'multi-year service contract', '17 Other Accelerators installations', 'European Institute', 'good momentum', 'strong momentum', 'PanTera venture', '40 service contracts', 'near-term production', 'first 9 months', 'first half', 'new ways', 'first payments', 'first patient', 'first astatine-2', 'world leader', 'Group Overview', 'cyclical nature', 'revenue recognition', 'Mid-term guidance', 'Olivier Legrain', 'forever chemicals', 'core focus', 'Medtechnica Ltd', 'Tel Aviv', 'contract signature', 'customer sites', 'Post-period end', '360-degree view', '3D measurements', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'existing businesses', 'Cyclone ® 30XP', 'Post period', 'same period', '23 Proteus ®', 'business update', '29 machines', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'IBA', 'EURONEXT', '30 September', 'period-end', 'high', 'line', 'evolution', 'Return', 'profitability', 'Q3', 'June', 'expectations', 'theranostics', 'treatment', 'PFAS', 'delivery', 'significant', 'efforts', 'MGH', 'Arkansas', 'Oncology', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Mumbai', 'India', 'early', 'revenues', 'RadioPharma', 'Industrial', 'sales', 'Asia', 'China', 'development', 'Julich', 'Germany', 'IFIS', 'Texas', 'USA', 'information', 'adoption', 'Suzhou', 'joint-venture', 'SCK-CEN', 'actinium']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2782252/0/en/GENFIT-Highlights-ACLF-Development-Strategy-at-ACLF-Day-during-AASLD-The-Liver-Meeting-2023.html,GENFIT Highlights ACLF Development Strategy at “ACLF Day” during AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2023,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 16  2023 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver di…,GENFIT highlighted new focus and development strategy in Acute On-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF)ACLF is a very serious condition affecting ~294 000 1 2 patients with chronic liver diseases in the USA and Europe every year and is associated with multi-organ failure and high short-term mortalityIt is an underserved medical condition with currently no approved treatment and few programs under development globallyGENFIT has developed a unique pipeline of 5 different drug candidates targeting key pathophysiological pathways of ACLFPhase 2 interim data readout from lead program VS-01 in ACLF targeted for 2Q24Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 16  2023 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced the highlights from its “ACLF Day” held on November 11  2023 during AASLD The Liver Meeting ® in Boston  MA (USA).GENFIT is now mainly focused on the development of therapies for ACLF which is an area of very high unmet medical need. ACLF is a potentially deadly  but reversible  condition in patients with chronic liver diseases  which is associated with multi-organ failure and high short-term mortality. There is currently no approved treatment for ACLF. The presentation from the event is available on the company website in the investors section.The development of the company’s new  expanded and diversified pipeline targeting rare and life-threatening liver diseases with high unmet medical needs will be supported by potential milestone payments and royalties deriving from the licensing of elafibranor3 to its partner  Ipsen. At AASLD  Ipsen presented additional data from the ELATIVE® Phase 3 study in primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) and announced its publication in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine (November 2023)4. Data from ELATIVE® are being used to support Ipsen's submissions for elafibranor as a treatment for PBC with regulatory authorities in the US and EU5.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT  commented: “During AASLD we were excited to further discuss our development strategy around our new pipeline focused on ACLF  where we believe multiple programs have the potential to transform the treatment paradigm for these patients. It was also great to see more data presented by our partner Ipsen on PBC  which confirm that elafibranor has a competitive profile and a great potential to help patients with this disease. This AASLD meeting reinforced our conviction that Ipsen  as it works through the approval process with regulatory authorities in the US and EU  is committed to getting elafibranor to patients as quickly and efficiently as possible. For GENFIT this could mean significant revenues that will fund the development of a truly unique portfolio aiming at providing solutions for healthcare professionals treating patients suffering from a very challenging condition for which there is currently no approved options. We look forward to presenting preliminary data from our lead ACLF program  VS-01  as early as next year.”ACLF: high short-term mortality  no approved treatmentACLF is a serious  but potentially reversible  condition in patients with chronic liver disease and cirrhosis  which is associated with multiple organ failure  and a 23% to 74% mortality at 28 days6 depending on grade severity. As part of the “ACLF Day” event during AASLD  the critical need for treatment has been highlighted by leading experts in ACLF.Dr Jennifer C. Lai  MD  MBA  Transplant Hepatologist  Endowed Professor of Liver Health & Transplantation  University of California  San Francisco (UCSF) said: “ACLF is a terrifying condition for patients and their caregivers  but it’s equally terrifying for clinicians  because we know our patients are in grave and immediate danger  and we have no approved treatment to help them. It is very frustrating and therefore it is critical that therapies are developed  ideally to reverse the course of the disease or at least to give the patient more time to get a potentially life-saving transplantation. This is an area of huge unmet medical need and I welcome new efforts to develop potentially helpful therapies.”GENFIT’s pipeline in ACLF: targeted to address the unmet needGENFIT’s ACLF therapeutic candidates have been strategically selected based on the pathophysiology of ACLF – as defined by liver experts and consortiums such as EF-CLIF (European Foundation for the study of Chronic Liver Failure) – to address the most relevant pathways. Considerations about the limitations in current standard of care have also been taken into account. Among the pathways identified  priority is given to systemic inflammation  cell death and microbiota.Dean Hum  PhD  Chief Scientific Officer of GENFIT  commented: “Our R&D strategy is centered on understanding the pathophysiology of ACLF and selecting molecules that we believe are best positioned to impact specific relevant pathways. This multi-factorial approach will allow us greater chances of success as well as leveraging potential synergies via combinations. It also offers the possibility to apply key learnings across all ACLF programs  to accelerate overall execution.”The ACLF pipeline overview:VS-01 – Phase 2 initiated (interim data readout targeted for the end of 2Q24): VS-01 is a liposomal-based technology designed to remove ammonia and other ACLF toxins from the blood (peritoneal route of administration)– Phase 2 initiated (interim data readout targeted for the end of 2Q24): VS-01 is a liposomal-based technology designed to remove ammonia and other ACLF toxins from the blood (peritoneal route of administration) NTZ – Reformulation and Phase 2 under preparation (proof-of-concept study initiation targeted for the first half of 2025): NTZ is an anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial agent aiming to reduce systemic inflammation  and impede release of PAMPs 7 and bacterial translocation (oral route of administration)– Reformulation and Phase 2 under preparation (proof-of-concept study initiation targeted for the first half of 2025): NTZ is an anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial agent aiming to reduce systemic inflammation  and impede release of PAMPs and bacterial translocation (oral route of administration) SRT-015 – First-in-Human study under preparation (expected to be initiated 2H24): SRT-015 is an ASK1 inhibitor  liver-centric  aimed at inhibiting cell death  inflammation and fibrosis (injectable route of administration)– First-in-Human study under preparation (expected to be initiated 2H24): SRT-015 is an ASK1 inhibitor  liver-centric  aimed at inhibiting cell death  inflammation and fibrosis (injectable route of administration) CLM-022 – Preclinical proof of concept under preparation (expected to start 2024): CLM-022 is an NLRP3 inflammasome inhibitor aimed at inhibiting systemic inflammation and cell death (pyroptosis)– Preclinical proof of concept under preparation (expected to start 2024): CLM-022 is an NLRP3 inflammasome inhibitor aimed at inhibiting systemic inflammation and cell death (pyroptosis) VS-02-HE – Completion of IND enabling studies expected in 2025: VS-02-HE aims at reducing hyperammonemia  stabilizing blood ammonia and preventing hepatic encephalopathy (oral route of administration)Inaugural Patient Advocacy Council organized by GENFITPatients are at the heart of what GENFIT does. As we embark on a major new R&D initiative  it was important to integrate the patient voice very early in the process. This is why we hosted two Patient Advocacy Council sessions at AASLD. GENFIT’s ambition is to co-design initiatives with patient representatives and leading clinicians in order to better understand patients’ and caregivers’ information needs  gather their insights and perspective in the context of clinical trial design  and facilitate access to innovative medicine through clinical trials.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has a growing and diversified pipeline with programs at various development stages. The Company’s area of focus is Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise consists of five assets in development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE. These are all based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathways. Other assets target other life-threatening disease indications such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) and Urea Cycle Disorders (UCD)/Organic Acidemias (OA). GENFIT’s track record in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages is highlighted in the successful 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® trial evaluating elafibranor in PBC. Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH) (previously known as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis – NASH) and ammonia. GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. For more information  visit www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements about expectations for availability of clinical data in the evaluation of VS-01 in ACLF  Ipsen’s ability to obtain quickly and efficiently  marketing authorization for elafibranor in PBC  GENFIT’s ability to receive milestones and royalties under the collaboration and licensing agreement with Ipsen with respect to PBC and the use of those potential revenues to fund GENFIT’s further R&D and start dates of clinical and pre-clinical development phases for GENFIT’s other pipeline programs. The use of certain words  including “believe”  “potential ” “expect”  “target”  “may” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  including the Half-Year Business and Financial Report at June 30  2023 or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Source: Moreau  R.  et al.  (2013) Supplemental Table 10)2 Therapies targeting ACLF are eligible for Orphan Drug Designation given low prevalence and lack of therapies3 Elafibranor’s rights have been licensed to Ipsen in December 2021 and to Terns Pharmaceuticals in June 2019 for China  Hong Kong and Macau4 https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa23061855 https://www.ipsen.com/websites/ipsen_com_v2/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/11114914/Ipsen-investor-presentation-September-2023.pdf (slide 9)6 Arroyo V et al.  Nat. Rev. Dis. Primers 2 (2016)7 Pathogen-associated molecular patternsAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2023', 'ACLF Development Strategy', 'ACLF Day', 'GENFIT', 'Dr Jennifer C. Lai', 'high unmet medical needs', 'prestigious New England Journal', 'huge unmet medical need', 'Phase 2 interim data readout', 'AASLD The Liver Meeting', 'high short-term mortality', '5 different drug candidates', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'chronic liver diseases', 'life-threatening liver diseases', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'R&D strategy', 'multiple organ failure', 'key pathophysiological pathways', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'potential milestone payments', 'ELATIVE® Phase 3 study', 'ACLF therapeutic candidates', 'unmet need', 'lead ACLF program', 'ACLF Day” event', 'medical condition', 'lead program', 'critical need', 'Liver Health', 'liver experts', 'AASLD meeting', '23% to 74% mortality', 'multi-organ failure', 'new focus', 'new, expanded', 'new efforts', 'new pipeline', 'serious condition', 'United States', 'reversible, condition', 'company website', 'investors section', 'additional data', 'regulatory authorities', 'Pascal Prigent', 'multiple programs', 'competitive profile', 'great potential', 'approval process', 'significant revenues', 'unique portfolio', 'healthcare professionals', 'challenging condition', 'preliminary data', 'next year', 'grade severity', 'leading experts', 'Transplant Hepatologist', 'Endowed Professor', 'San Francisco', 'terrifying condition', 'immediate danger', 'European Foundation', 'relevant pathways', 'current standard', 'systemic inflammation', 'cell death', 'Dean Hum', 'multi-factorial approach', 'unique pipeline', 'diversified pipeline', 'development strategy', 'life-saving transplantation', 'helpful therapies', 'treatment paradigm', 'partner Ipsen', 'GENFIT', 'Acute', '~294,000 1 2 patients', 'USA', '2Q24', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'highlights', 'November', 'Boston', 'area', 'presentation', 'royalties', 'licensing', 'elafibranor3', 'PBC', 'publication', 'Medicine', 'submissions', 'CEO', 'conviction', 'solutions', 'options', 'cirrhosis', '28 days6', 'MD', 'MBA', 'University', 'California', 'UCSF', 'caregivers', 'clinicians', 'grave', 'course', 'time', 'potentially', 'pathophysiology', 'consortiums', 'EF-CLIF', 'Considerations', 'limitations', 'account', 'priority', 'microbiota', 'PhD', 'molecules', 'specific']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Resumption-of-stock-exchange-listing-from-November-17-45376191/,2CRSi SA: Resumption of stock exchange listing from November 17 -November 16  2023 at 11:42 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Resumption of stock exchange listing from November 17 16-Nov-2023 / 17:40 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content…,Press ReleaseResumption of stock exchange listing from November 17Strasbourg (France)  November 16  2023 - 2CRSi (ISIN code: FR0013341781)  designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient IT solutions  announces the resumption of stock exchange listing from 9am on November 17.Following Euronext’s approval  this resumption of stock exchange listing follows the publication and public availability of the definitive annual financial report for financial year 2022/23 (period from March 1  2022 to February 28  2023)  including the final Statutory Auditors' reports.Next meeting: Annual General Meeting on November 30  2023.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi group designs  produces and markets customised  eco-responsible high-performance IT servers. In the 2022-2023 financial year  the Group generated sales of 184 million euros. The Group now markets its range of innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in more than 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For further information: 2crsi.comContacts2CRSi,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['stock exchange listing', '2CRSi SA', 'Resumption', 'November', ""final Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'eco-responsible high-performance IT servers', 'high-performance, energy-efficient IT solutions', 'definitive annual financial report', 'stock exchange listing', 'Annual General Meeting', '2022-2023 financial year', 'innovative solutions', 'Next meeting', 'Press Release', 'ISIN code', 'public availability', '184 million euros', 'The Group', 'Euronext Growth', '2CRSi group', 'Resumption', 'November', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'designer', 'manufacturer', '9am', 'approval', 'publication', 'period', 'March', 'February', 'markets', 'sales', 'range', 'computing', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'June', 'Paris', 'shares', 'information', 'Contacts2CRSi']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2782095/0/en/Quadient-Announces-Partnership-with-Altares-in-France-Integrating-Enriched-Business-Decisioning-Data-in-AR-Automation-Solution.html,Quadient Announces Partnership with Altares in France  Integrating Enriched Business Decisioning Data in AR Automation Solution,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a new partnership to enhance its accounts receivable (AR) automation offering with Altares  a business data …,"Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a new partnership to enhance its accounts receivable (AR) automation offering with Altares  a business data expert that designs decisioning solutions and analytics of the economic performance of private and public-sector organizations. Altares  a member of the international Dun & Bradstreet network  draws on a database of more than 500 million companies worldwide to facilitate decision-making by general and operational management.In these uncertain economic times  companies of all sizes are increasingly likely to be faced with late payments. With financial margins squeezed by inflation and rising logistics costs  slower collection times can undermine a company's financial health. The latest bankruptcy quarterly study published by Altares reveals that in the third quarter of 2023  business insolvencies were up 23% in France compared to 2022  reaching their highest level since 2016 and threatening nearly 37 000 jobs.By integrating the Altares data into its Accounts Receivable management solution via a simple web service  Quadient is further enhancing its solution  which already relies on artificial intelligence and machine learning to help finance teams anticipate potential late payments and propose tailored reminder strategies. Together  Quadient and Altares offer in France and other countries highly accurate company rating and credit analysis functionalities that provide a truly comprehensive view of outstanding amounts  for a more controlled management of financial flows.“The partnership with Altares is a significant step forward in the evolution of our software offering. The integration of their business data enriches our cloud platform and enables us to provide a comprehensive solution to better support companies in the management of their accounts receivables ” says Stéphanie Auchabie  Chief Operating Officer France-Benelux at Quadient. “Customer risk  or the risk of non-payment  is a critical factor in a business environment. It can have a significant impact on a company's profitability and stability. The highly reliable information provided by the Altares solution will enable our customers to assess and manage risk more effectively  which will ultimately help to safeguard their business and promote sustainable growth.”""We are delighted to be working with Quadient and adding value to customer risk management for a greater number of companies. Our know-how in providing globally quality business data  particularly on payment behavior  via our exclusive Paydex® indicator  blends perfectly with Quadient's technological expertise. This alliance opens up new opportunities for our customers  enabling them to access key data directly in Quadient's software solution"" continues Sébastien Charvet  Marketing and Channel Director at Altares.Quadient strives to establish significant partnerships with major enterprise software players to enrich its cloud platform  relying on out-of-the-box connectors or customized integrations. Choosing to partner with Altares in France  building on the integration of Dun & Bradstreet data in the United States  provides a complete customer risk management solution with high-quality analysis and predictive capabilities  contributing to the sustainability of organizations and better anticipation of customer risks.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About AltaresAltares is a business data expert that designs decisioning solutions and analytics of the economic and extra-financial performance of private- and public-sector organizations within their ecosystem.Thanks to its wealth of tools and information  Altares helps managers of private- and public-sector organizations of all sizes and across all industry sectors make well-informed decisions with complete peace of mind.As the exclusive partner of Dun & Bradstreet  a leading global provider of business decisioning data and analytics  in France  Benelux and North Africa  Altares uses a global database of 500 million legal entities (including 11 million in France) to help industry players achieve sustainable growth whilst meeting compliance and CSR requirements. To know more  visit www.altares.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673j.scolaro@quadient.comSandy Armstrong  Sterling KilgoreDirector of Media & Communications+1-630-699-8979sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.35,0.25,True,English,"['Enriched Business Decisioning Data', 'AR Automation Solution', 'Quadient Announces', 'Partnership', 'Altares', 'France', 'latest bankruptcy quarterly study', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'complete customer risk management solution', 'three key solution areas', 'major enterprise software players', 'international Dun & Bradstreet network', 'Accounts Receivable management solution', 'receivable (AR) automation', 'meaningful customer connections', 'rising logistics costs', 'slower collection times', 'simple web service', 'tailored reminder strategies', 'Stéphanie Auchabie', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Sébastien Charvet', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'leading global provider', 'credit analysis functionalities', 'exclusive Paydex® indicator', '500 million legal entities', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'uncertain economic times', 'potential late payments', 'business data expert', 'quality business data', 'accurate company rating', 'business decisioning data', 'software solution', 'key data', 'complete peace', 'customer risks', 'industry players', 'comprehensive solution', 'operational management', 'controlled management', 'Bradstreet data', 'software offering', 'decisioning solutions', 'high-quality analysis', 'exclusive partner', 'global database', 'business insolvencies', 'business environment', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'economic performance', 'financial margins', 'financial health', 'third quarter', 'highest level', 'artificial intelligence', 'machine learning', 'other countries', 'comprehensive view', 'outstanding amounts', 'financial flows', 'significant step', 'cloud platform', 'critical factor', 'significant impact', 'Altares solution', 'sustainable growth', 'greater number', 'technological expertise', 'new opportunities', 'Channel Director', 'significant partnerships', 'box connectors', 'customized integrations', 'United States', 'predictive capabilities', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'extra-financial performance', 'industry sectors', 'North Africa', 'CSR requirements', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'public-sector organizations', '500 million companies', 'Altares data', 'new partnership', 'payment behavior', 'Joe Scolaro', 'reliable information', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'analytics', 'private', 'member', 'decision-making', 'general', 'sizes', 'inflation', 'France', '37,000 jobs', 'teams', 'evolution', 'receivables', 'profitability', 'stability', 'customers', 'value', 'know-how', 'alliance', 'Marketing', 'sustainability', 'anticipation', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'ecosystem', 'wealth', 'tools', 'managers', 'decisions', 'Benelux', 'compliance', 'Contacts', '2023']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4119164.html,Faces & Places: A LinkedIn Live Event to Connect Accor with Hospitality Industry Talent,Accor’s new live event series  Faces & Places  takes participants on an immersive tour across our hotels to meet team members who share testimonials and valuable insights. The one-hour interactive  live sessions will offer a deep dive into strategic topics re…,Accor’s new live event series  Faces & Places  takes participants on an immersive tour across our hotels to meet team members who share testimonials and valuable insights. The one-hour interactive  live sessions will offer a deep dive into strategic topics related to our industry  from a field point of view. The first episode airs November 23rd and will focus on recruitment  exploring the theme of ‘Busting Myths about Careers in the Hospitality Industry’.Introducing a New Audience to the Richness of the Hospitality IndustryThe hospitality industry is a powerful social elevator and true force of professional opportunities  rich in mentoring  training  career and growth possibilities  opening new doors to unique jobs and continuous learning and skills development for Talent across the globe.Today  we count more than 300 000 Heartists® ౼ each an integral part of our 5 500+ hotels and head offices around the world. Convinced that their passion  creativity and individual personalities and differences are our driving force  we have always been dedicated to working closely with our team members to help them design exciting career paths ౼ whether at the very beginning of their professional journey  mid-way or as they switch industries altogether.Recruiting in the post-pandemic landscape  however  has become one of the industry’s fiercest challenges. In response  we have made it a priority to raise awareness around the wealth of 300+ types of jobs in our sector and the endless development opportunities that the Group has to offer  building unforgettable experiences with human connections and emotions.An Inventive LinkedIn Live EventWith the launch of our interactive Faces & Places LinkedIn Live event series  we reinforce our positioning as an industry pioneer. This unique format lets us step out of the more formal environment and create a space for more informal dialog.Our first live event will speak directly to those who are interested in pursuing a career in the hospitality industry and will be hosted by journalist Haley Edmonds  who will mediate a panel of Heartists® offering their own insider perspective on what it’s like to work in our industry and what makes Accor stand out above the rest. We will zoom in on key industry topics through real life stories and testimonies from around the globe ౼ from Zurich to Singapore to Sao Paulo. The first episode of the series  focused on recruitment and career development  will be broadcasted live on LinkedIn on Thursday  November 23rd at 1PM GMT. Haley will chat with two General Managers  a T&C Learning & Development Specialist  a CSR Project Manager and a Front Office Agent ౼ all of whom will take questions from our viewers at the end of the episode.Click here to join us live for our first episode and become part of the journey!About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 500 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.5,0.49,0.01,True,English,"['LinkedIn Live Event', 'Hospitality Industry Talent', 'Faces', 'Places', 'Accor', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'one-hour interactive, live sessions', 'Inventive LinkedIn Live Event', 'new live event series', 'LinkedIn Live event series', 'world leading hospitality group', 'first live event', 'powerful social elevator', 'real life stories', 'two General Managers', 'CSR Project Manager', 'Front Office Agent', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'T&C Learning', 'journalist Haley Edmonds', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'exciting career paths', 'endless development opportunities', 'key industry topics', 'New Audience', 'new doors', 'strategic topics', 'professional opportunities', 'continuous learning', 'interactive Faces', 'Hospitality Industry', 'skills development', 'Development Specialist', 'The Group', 'sustainable development', 'immersive tour', 'team members', 'valuable insights', 'deep dive', 'field point', 'first episode', 'true force', 'growth possibilities', 'head offices', 'individual personalities', 'driving force', 'very beginning', 'post-pandemic landscape', 'fiercest challenges', '300+ types', 'human connections', 'unique format', 'formal environment', 'informal dialog', 'insider perspective', 'Sao Paulo', '1PM GMT', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '40 hotel brands', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community outreach', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'career development', 'industry pioneer', 'unique jobs', 'integral part', '5,500+ hotels', 'professional journey', 'unforgettable experiences', 'Accor SA', 'Places', 'participants', 'testimonials', 'view', 'recruitment', 'theme', 'Myths', 'Careers', 'Richness', 'mentoring', 'training', 'Talent', 'globe', '300,000 Heartists', 'passion', 'creativity', 'differences', 'industries', 'Recruiting', 'response', 'priority', 'awareness', 'wealth', 'sector', 'emotions', 'launch', 'positioning', 'panel', 'Heartists®', 'rest', 'testimonies', 'Zurich', 'Singapore', 'Thursday', 'November', 'questions', '110 countries', '5,500 properties', '10,000 food', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,hospitalitynet.org
32826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781528/0/en/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  16 November 2023 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 16 November 2023.,Oslo  16 November 2023 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 16 November 2023.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 24 November 2023 to all shareholders of record as of 17 November 2023.-For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no-DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d'Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', ""Côte d'Ivoire"", 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Company', 'shares', 'NOK', '24 November', 'shareholders', 'record', '17 November', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DNO-ASA-1413123/news/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend-45368126/,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,(marketscreener.com) Oslo  16 November 2023 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 16 November 2023. A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 24 No…,Communiqué officiel de DNO ASAOslo  16 November 2023 - DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company's shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 16 November 2023.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 24 November 2023 to all shareholders of record as of 17 November 2023.-For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no-DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d'Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', ""Côte d'Ivoire"", 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'Communiqué officiel', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Company', 'shares', 'NOK', '24 November', 'shareholders', 'record', '17 November', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/All-resolutions-approved-at-EGM-45376435/,All resolutions approved at EGM,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  16 November 2023 - Azerion Group N.V. announces that all resolutions were approved at its EGM today. Voting results of the EGM are published on the company’s website.  About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion is one of Europe’s la…,Communiqué officiel de AZERION GROUP N.V.Amsterdam  16 November 2023 - Azerion Group N.V. announces that all resolutions were approved at its EGM today. Voting results of the EGM are published on the company’s website.About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high quality environment  utilizing our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe and with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to make a real impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['resolutions', 'EGM', 'other digital publishing partners', 'AZERION GROUP N.V.', 'global scaled audiences', 'high quality environment', 'largest digital advertising', 'entertainment media platforms', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Voting results', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'strategic portfolio', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'real impact', 'Investor Relations', 'Amsterdam', 'resolutions', 'EGM', 'company', 'website', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'Europe', 'advertisers', 'easy', 'content', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'world', 'clients', 'information', 'Contact']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2782120/0/en/All-resolutions-approved-at-EGM.html,All resolutions approved at EGM,Amsterdam  16 November 2023 - Azerion Group N.V. announces that all resolutions were approved at its EGM today. Voting results of the EGM are published on the company’s website.,Amsterdam  16 November 2023 - Azerion Group N.V. announces that all resolutions were approved at its EGM today. Voting results of the EGM are published on the company’s website.About AzerionFounded in 2014  Azerion (EURONEXT: AZRN) is one of Europe’s largest digital advertising and entertainment media platforms. Azerion brings global scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and cost-effective way  delivered through our proprietary technology  in a safe  engaging  and high quality environment  utilizing our strategic portfolio of owned and operated content with entertainment and other digital publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe and with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion has commercial teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to make a real impact through advertising.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.com,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['resolutions', 'EGM', 'other digital publishing partners', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'global scaled audiences', 'high quality environment', 'largest digital advertising', 'entertainment media platforms', 'Voting results', 'cost-effective way', 'proprietary technology', 'strategic portfolio', 'commercial teams', 'creative ways', 'real impact', 'Investor Relations', 'Amsterdam', 'resolutions', 'EGM', 'company', 'website', 'EURONEXT', 'AZRN', 'Europe', 'advertisers', 'easy', 'content', 'roots', 'headquarters', '26 cities', 'world', 'clients', 'information', 'Contact']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Offshore-Link-Sat-OLS-Strengthens-Partnership-With-Eutelsat-Group-for-Maritime-Connectivity-off-Br-45371612/,Offshore Link Sat (OLS) Strengthens Partnership With Eutelsat Group for Maritime Connectivity off Brazilian Coast,(marketscreener.com) Multiple contracts signed taking advantage of EUTELSAT 8 West B's powerful coverage over Brazil’s coastal areaEutelsat Group fleet continues to address the booming demand in maritime connectivityExpanded agreement underscores a …,Communiqué officiel de EUTELSAT COMMUNICATIONSMultiple contracts signed taking advantage of EUTELSAT 8 West B's powerful coverage over Brazil’s coastal area Eutelsat Group fleet continues to address the booming demand in maritime connectivity Expanded agreement underscores a near decade-long partnership and Eutelsat Group commitment to its clientsRegulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris  London Stock Exchange; ETL) (Paris:ETL) (LSE:ETL) announces that Offshore Link Sat (OLS) has expanded its capacity on EUTELSAT 8 West B for GEO maritime connectivity services off the Brazilian coast.OLS  a Brazilian telecommunication service provider specialised in offshore connectivity for the oil & gas industry (offshore platforms and vessels)  further leverages Eutelsat Group’s in-orbit assets to strengthen its tailored connectivity solutions.The powerful EUTELSAT 8 West B satellite is particularly suited to the maritime market in Brazil with 10 operational transponders connected to footprints covering the African continent and reaching west to South America.Brauny Albergaria  Offshore Link Sat CEO commented: “OLS is delighted to expand our utilization of the Eutelsat fleet  deepening our long-term partnership. Thanks to this service we continue to bolster the thriving Oil & Gas offshore market in Brazil. Looking ahead we are excited to integrate the GEO-LEO offering into our portfolio driving further innovation and connectivity in the market.”Juan Pablo Cofino  Eutelsat OneWeb RVP Sales Connectivity Americas  said: “We are proud to further deepen our collaboration with OLS in Brazil after multiple years of a successful partnership. OLS has also shown interest in our integrated GEO-LEO offer and we look forward to the possibility of expanding our partnership together. Indeed  our unique combination of GEO and LEO assets best addresses the challenges related to coverage  latency  redundancy and resilience which are requested more and more by our customers.”About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 36 Geostationary satellites and a low Earth orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites.The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services.Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and the Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231116004058/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Offshore Link Sat', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Maritime Connectivity', 'Brazilian Coast', 'OLS', 'Partnership', 'Eutelsat OneWeb RVP Sales Connectivity Americas', 'powerful EUTELSAT 8 West B satellite', 'maritime connectivity Expanded agreement', 'Offshore Link Sat CEO', 'Brazilian telecommunication service provider', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'GEO maritime connectivity services', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Juan Pablo Cofino', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'four key verticals', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'low Earth orbit', 'tailored connectivity solutions', 'integrated GEO-LEO offer', 'near decade-long partnership', 'Eutelsat Group commitment', 'Eutelsat Group fleet', 'offshore connectivity', 'satellite communications', 'powerful coverage', 'Brazilian coast', 'maritime market', 'integrated solutions', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'EUTELSAT COMMUNICATIONS', 'Eutelsat fleet', 'GEO-LEO offering', 'broadcast services', 'Government Services', 'offshore platforms', 'orbit assets', 'offshore market', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Multiple contracts', 'coastal area', 'booming demand', 'Regulatory News', '10 operational transponders', 'African continent', 'South America', 'Brauny Albergaria', 'long-term partnership', 'multiple years', 'successful partnership', 'LEO assets', 'global leader', 'The Group', '6,500 television channels', 'unique suite', 'digital divide', 'source version', 'gas industry', 'thriving Oil', 'unique combination', '36 Geostationary satellites', 'global customers', 'The Company', '600 satellites', 'advantage', 'clients', 'ETL', 'LSE', 'OLS', 'capacity', 'vessels', 'footprints', 'utilization', 'portfolio', 'innovation', 'collaboration', 'interest', 'possibility', 'challenges', 'latency', 'redundancy', 'resilience', 'needs', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'businesswire']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Announces-Partnership-with-Altares-in-France-Integrating-Enriched-Business-Decisioning-Dat-45376214/,Quadient Announces Partnership with Altares in France  Integrating Enriched Business Decisioning Data in AR Automation Solution,(marketscreener.com) Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a new partnership to enhance its accounts receivable automation offering with Altares  a business data exper…,"Communiqué officiel de QUADIENT S.A.Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces a new partnership to enhance its accounts receivable (AR) automation offering with Altares  a business data expert that designs decisioning solutions and analytics of the economic performance of private and public-sector organizations. Altares  a member of the international Dun & Bradstreet network  draws on a database of more than 500 million companies worldwide to facilitate decision-making by general and operational management.In these uncertain economic times  companies of all sizes are increasingly likely to be faced with late payments. With financial margins squeezed by inflation and rising logistics costs  slower collection times can undermine a company's financial health. The latest bankruptcy quarterly study published by Altares reveals that in the third quarter of 2023  business insolvencies were up 23% in France compared to 2022  reaching their highest level since 2016 and threatening nearly 37 000 jobs.By integrating the Altares data into its Accounts Receivable management solution via a simple web service  Quadient is further enhancing its solution  which already relies on artificial intelligence and machine learning to help finance teams anticipate potential late payments and propose tailored reminder strategies. Together  Quadient and Altares offer in France and other countries highly accurate company rating and credit analysis functionalities that provide a truly comprehensive view of outstanding amounts  for a more controlled management of financial flows.“The partnership with Altares is a significant step forward in the evolution of our software offering. The integration of their business data enriches our cloud platform and enables us to provide a comprehensive solution to better support companies in the management of their accounts receivables ” says Stéphanie Auchabie  Chief Operating Officer France-Benelux at Quadient. “Customer risk  or the risk of non-payment  is a critical factor in a business environment. It can have a significant impact on a company's profitability and stability. The highly reliable information provided by the Altares solution will enable our customers to assess and manage risk more effectively  which will ultimately help to safeguard their business and promote sustainable growth.”""We are delighted to be working with Quadient and adding value to customer risk management for a greater number of companies. Our know-how in providing globally quality business data  particularly on payment behavior  via our exclusive Paydex® indicator  blends perfectly with Quadient's technological expertise. This alliance opens up new opportunities for our customers  enabling them to access key data directly in Quadient's software solution"" continues Sébastien Charvet  Marketing and Channel Director at Altares.Quadient strives to establish significant partnerships with major enterprise software players to enrich its cloud platform  relying on out-of-the-box connectors or customized integrations. Choosing to partner with Altares in France  building on the integration of Dun & Bradstreet data in the United States  provides a complete customer risk management solution with high-quality analysis and predictive capabilities  contributing to the sustainability of organizations and better anticipation of customer risks.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About AltaresAltares is a business data expert that designs decisioning solutions and analytics of the economic and extra-financial performance of private- and public-sector organizations within their ecosystem.Thanks to its wealth of tools and information  Altares helps managers of private- and public-sector organizations of all sizes and across all industry sectors make well-informed decisions with complete peace of mind.As the exclusive partner of Dun & Bradstreet  a leading global provider of business decisioning data and analytics  in France  Benelux and North Africa  Altares uses a global database of 500 million legal entities (including 11 million in France) to help industry players achieve sustainable growth whilst meeting compliance and CSR requirements. To know more  visit www.altares.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientGlobal Press Relations Manager+1 203-301-3673j.scolaro@quadient.comSandy Armstrong  Sterling KilgoreDirector of Media & Communications+1-630-699-8979sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.32,True,English,"['Enriched Business Decisioning Data', 'AR Automation Solution', 'Quadient Announces', 'Partnership', 'Altares', 'France', 'latest bankruptcy quarterly study', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'complete customer risk management solution', 'three key solution areas', 'major enterprise software players', 'Accounts Receivable management solution', 'receivable (AR) automation', 'meaningful customer connections', 'rising logistics costs', 'slower collection times', 'simple web service', 'tailored reminder strategies', 'Stéphanie Auchabie', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Sébastien Charvet', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'leading global provider', 'credit analysis functionalities', 'exclusive Paydex® indicator', '500 million legal entities', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'uncertain economic times', 'potential late payments', 'business data expert', 'quality business data', 'accurate company rating', 'business decisioning data', 'QUADIENT S.A.', 'software solution', 'key data', 'complete peace', 'customer risks', 'industry players', 'comprehensive solution', 'operational management', 'controlled management', 'software offering', 'decisioning solutions', 'high-quality analysis', 'exclusive partner', 'global database', 'business insolvencies', 'business environment', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'Bradstreet data', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'economic performance', 'financial margins', 'financial health', 'third quarter', 'highest level', 'artificial intelligence', 'machine learning', 'other countries', 'comprehensive view', 'outstanding amounts', 'financial flows', 'significant step', 'cloud platform', 'critical factor', 'significant impact', 'Altares solution', 'sustainable growth', 'greater number', 'technological expertise', 'new opportunities', 'Channel Director', 'significant partnerships', 'box connectors', 'customized integrations', 'United States', 'predictive capabilities', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'extra-financial performance', 'industry sectors', 'North Africa', 'CSR requirements', 'Joe Scolaro', 'j.scol', 'public-sector organizations', '500 million companies', 'Bradstreet network', 'Altares data', 'new partnership', 'payment behavior', 'reliable information', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'analytics', 'private', 'member', 'decision-making', 'general', 'sizes', 'inflation', 'France', '37,000 jobs', 'finance', 'teams', 'evolution', 'receivables', 'profitability', 'stability', 'customers', 'value', 'know-how', 'globally', 'alliance', 'Marketing', 'Dun', 'sustainability', 'anticipation', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'ecosystem', 'wealth', 'tools', 'managers', 'decisions', 'Benelux', 'compliance', 'Contacts', '2023']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CHARWOOD-ENERGY-139989539/news/Charwood-Energy-Verallia-France-and-Charwood-Energy-partner-in-a-project-to-develop-a-syngas-produc-45376224/,Charwood Energy: Verallia France and Charwood Energy partner in a project to develop a syngas production plant -November 16  2023 at 11:47 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Charwood EnergyCharwood Energy: Verallia France and Charwood Energy partner in a project to develop a syngas production plant 16-Nov-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Gr…,"Press releaseSaint-Nolff  16 November 2023Verallia France and Charwood Energy partner in a project to develop a syngas production plant and accelerate the reduction of the environmental footprint ofthe Cognac site (16)Charwood Energy (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE)  a French specialist in customised biomass energy solutions  and Verallia  the European leader and world's third-largest producer of glass packaging for beverages and food products  through its French subsidiary  today announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding for a project to develop a plant to produce syngas  a renewable gas generated by the pyrogasification of biomass.Verallia uses natural gas to manufacture its glass products (melting at around 1 550°C)  operating 24 hours a day  365 days a year. Committed from 2020 onwards through its mission ""Re-imagining glass to build a sustainable future""  the Group aims to reduce its CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) by 46% in 2030 compared to 2019 and to become a driving force in the transformation of the glass packaging sector.With this in mind  at its Cognac site  the French subsidiary of the Verallia Group wants to substitute syngas for some of the fossil energy it uses in its production and enrich it to adapt it to the specific technical features of its manufacturing process.To achieve this  Verallia France has signed a memorandum of understanding with Charwood Energy for the development of a syngas production plant with a capacity of over 3MWth at its Cognac site. The conclusion of this development phase should lead to the signature of a direct purchase contract to supply this site with syngas.The plant will comprise a biomass reception and preparation unit  an oxygen production unit  a syngas production line  syngas storage  a thermal energy network  a syngas distribution network and a biochar packaging line. The syngas enrichment tests will take place at Charwood Energy's R&D centre in Colpo  Brittany  using a dedicated pilot gasifier.If development is successful  construction of the plant is scheduled to start in April 2024  with commissioning in summer 2025.Philippe Coltat Gran  Director of the Cognac site  comments:""In line with the Group's CSR strategy  our site is pioneering the development of alternative energy sources to reduce its environmental footprint. The solution for producing syngas  a renewable energy  proposed by Charwood Energy  fits in perfectly with this approach  and we are convinced of the long-term benefits that installing a syngas plant on our site could bring. This plant  which will complement the electric furnace due to come on stream in 2024  illustrates our determination to make Cognac a committed site.”Nicolas Rident  General manager of Charwood Energy added: ""We are very pleased to be able to support Verallia in its decarbonisation process at its historic site in Cognac  and to work alongside the operational teams to offer a tailor-made solution for the production of renewable gas which would aim to diversify the energy mix of the Cognac plant.""About VeralliaAt Verallia  our mission is to re-imagine glass to build a sustainable future. We want to redefine the way glass is produced  reused and recycled  making it the most sustainable packaging material in the world. We make common cause with our customers  suppliers and other partners throughout our value chain to develop new  healthy and sustainable solutions for everyone.With around 10 000 employees and 34 glass plants in 12 countries  we are Europe’s leading and the world’s third-largest producer of glass packaging for beverages and food products  offering innovative  customised and environmentally friendly solutions to more than 10 000 companies worldwide.Verallia produces more than 17 billion glass bottles and jars a year and generated revenue of €3.4 billion in 2022. Verallia is listed in compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: VRLA - ISIN: FR0013447729) and is listed in the following indices: STOXX600  SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid & Small and CAC All-Tradable.Media relationsAnnabel Fuder  Sarah Nascimento and Anne Mauvieux – verallia@wellcom.fr – +33 (0)1 46 34 60 60About Charwood EnergyConvinced that biomass is a key response to the challenges of the energy transition  Charwood Energy designs  installs and maintains tailored solutions for the production of biomass renewable energy.Charwood Energy boasts a wealth of technical know-how and expertise in all biomass recovery technologies  including heating and heat networks  anaerobic digestion  and pyrogasification.Positioned since 2019 in the promising area of pyrogasification technology  Charwood Energy is now also involved in the development and operation of proprietary pyrogasification units aiming to produce and sell green gas  biochar and carbon credits to industrial customers under direct purchasing contracts.The company is listed on Euronext Growth® Paris (ISIN: FR001400AJ60; Ticker: ALCWE) – Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans – Certified as an “Innovative Company” by Bpifrance.To find out more: https://charwood.energy/investisseursInvestor relationsCHARWOOD ENERGY – investisseur@charwood.energy – +33 (0)2 97 26 46 30SEITOSEI ● ACTIFIN – Ghislaine Gasparetto – charwood@actifin.fr – +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22Media relationsSEITOSEI ● ACTIFIN – Michael Scholze – michael.scholze@actifin.fr – +33 (0)1 56 88 11 14",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['syngas production plant', 'Charwood Energy partner', 'Verallia France', 'project', 'November', '11', 'PEA PME equity savings plans', 'direct purchase contract', 'R&D centre', 'Philippe Coltat Gran', 'direct purchasing contracts', 'specific technical features', 'environmentally friendly solutions', 'thermal energy network', 'alternative energy sources', 'syngas distribution network', 'syngas enrichment tests', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', '17 billion glass bottles', 'biomass recovery technologies', 'proprietary pyrogasification units', 'oxygen production unit', 'Charwood Energy partner', 'glass packaging sector', 'biochar packaging line', 'syngas production line', 'biomass energy solutions', 'syngas production plant', 'Euronext Paris', 'preparation unit', 'sustainable solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'technical know-how', 'packaging material', 'fossil energy', 'renewable energy', 'energy mix', 'energy transition', 'syngas storage', 'Press release', 'environmental footprint', 'French specialist', 'European leader', 'largest producer', 'food products', 'French subsidiary', 'renewable gas', 'natural gas', 'sustainable future', 'CO2 emissions', 'driving force', 'manufacturing process', 'pilot gasifier', 'CSR strategy', 'long-term benefits', 'electric furnace', 'Nicolas Rident', 'General manager', 'decarbonisation process', 'operational teams', 'common cause', 'other partners', 'value chain', 'new, healthy', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'following indices', 'Media relations', 'Annabel Fuder', 'Sarah Nascimento', 'Anne Mauvieux', 'key response', 'heat networks', 'anaerobic digestion', 'promising area', 'green gas', 'carbon credits', 'glass products', '34 glass plants', 'syngas plant', 'biomass reception', 'pyrogasification technology', 'committed site', 'historic site', 'tailor-made solution', 'innovative, customised', 'industrial customers', 'Innovative Company', 'Cognac plant', 'Cognac site', 'CAC Mid', 'Verallia France', 'development phase', 'Verallia Group', 'Saint-Nolff', '16 November', 'project', 'reduction', 'FR001400AJ60', 'ticker', 'ALCWE', 'world', 'third', 'beverages', 'signing', 'memorandum', 'understanding', '1,550°C', 'Scopes', 'transformation', 'mind', 'capacity', '3MWth', 'conclusion', 'signature', 'place', 'Colpo', 'Brittany', 'dedicated', 'construction', 'April', 'commissioning', 'summer', 'Director', 'approach', 'stream', 'determination', 'way', 'suppliers', 'everyone', '10,000 employees', '12 countries', 'leading', '10,000 companies', 'jars', 'revenue', 'VRLA', 'STOXX600', 'SBF', 'wellcom', 'challenges', 'wealth', 'expertise', 'heating', 'Bpifrance', '2019']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/warner-music-group-and-universal-music-group-receive-contrasting-ratings-from-wells-fargo-93CH-3235818,Warner Music Group and Universal Music Group receive contrasting ratings from Wells Fargo By Investing.com,Warner Music Group and Universal Music Group receive contrasting ratings from Wells Fargo,Published Nov 15  2023 10:02PM ET© Reuters.WMG +1.82% Add to/Remove from Watchlist UMG -1.36% Add to/Remove from WatchlistNEW YORK - Analysts at Wells Fargo initiated coverage on two major players in the music industry  Warner Music Group (NASDAQ:WMG) and Universal Music Group (AMS:AS: ). The assessments came with differing outlooks for each company  reflecting the varied strategies and recent performances within the sector.Warner Music Group has been assigned an equal-weight rating with a target price of $35. This valuation comes amidst a seven percent annual decline in share price. WMG is currently navigating a transition period under the leadership of new CEO Robert Kyncl  who is focusing on tech-optimization initiatives. However  the company is also facing headwinds  notably due to a performance slump from its Atlantic Records division. Wells Fargo highlighted the importance for WMG to regain market share and provide more transparency on its technology investments to bolster investor confidence.In contrast  Universal Music Group received an overweight rating from Wells Fargo with a target price set at €28. UMG's robust third-quarter 2023 revenue  which nearly hit $3 billion  was a key factor in this positive outlook. The analysts pointed out several strengths that support UMG's favorable rating:Shares are publicly traded on Euronext Amsterdam.Billionaire investor Bill Ackman has taken a significant stake in the company.UMG is recognized for its superior artist and repertoire (A&R) management.The firm's strategic initiatives aimed at capitalizing on superfan engagement through monetization efforts  leveraging artificial intelligence  and advocating for streaming reform.Wells Fargo analysts also underscored UMG's potential to influence fundamental changes within the music industry  particularly with the anticipated overhaul of Spotify (NYSE: )'s artist compensation model. This retooling could have broad implications for how artists are remunerated in the streaming era  positioning UMG at the forefront of this transformative period.The divergent ratings reflect Wells Fargo's analysis of current market conditions  individual company strategies  and their potential to adapt to industry changes. As both WMG and UMG navigate through their respective challenges and opportunities  investors will be closely monitoring the impact of these developments on the companies' financial performance and market position.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.4,0.3,True,English,"['Warner Music Group', 'Universal Music Group', 'contrasting ratings', 'Wells Fargo', 'Investing', 'seven percent annual decline', 'two major players', 'Atlantic Records division', 'robust third-quarter 2023 revenue', 'A&R) management', 'Warner Music Group', 'Universal Music Group', 'artist compensation model', 'current market conditions', 'individual company strategies', 'Wells Fargo analysts', 'music industry', 'varied strategies', 'superior artist', 'market share', 'market position', 'NEW YORK', 'differing outlooks', 'recent performances', 'equal-weight rating', 'target price', 'share price', 'transition period', 'new CEO', 'Robert Kyncl', 'tech-optimization initiatives', 'performance slump', 'technology investments', 'investor confidence', 'overweight rating', 'key factor', 'positive outlook', 'several strengths', 'favorable rating', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Billionaire investor', 'Bill Ackman', 'significant stake', 'strategic initiatives', 'superfan engagement', 'monetization efforts', 'artificial intelligence', 'streaming reform', 'fundamental changes', 'broad implications', 'streaming era', 'transformative period', 'divergent ratings', 'industry changes', 'respective challenges', 'financial performance', 'T&C.', 'Watchlist UMG', 'Reuters', 'WMG', 'coverage', 'NASDAQ', 'assessments', 'sector', 'valuation', 'leadership', 'headwinds', 'importance', 'transparency', 'contrast', 'Shares', 'repertoire', 'firm', 'potential', 'overhaul', 'Spotify', 'NYSE', 'retooling', 'artists', 'forefront', 'analysis', 'opportunities', 'investors', 'impact', 'developments', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,investing.com
32834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BW-OFFSHORE-LTD-128847186/news/BW-Offshore-Third-quarter-results-2023-45368360/,BW Offshore: Third quarter results 2023 -November 16  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Third quarter results 2023 HIGHLIGHTS EBITDA of USD 74.5 millionOperating cashflow of USD 116.3 millionEquity ratio of 31.0% and USD 452.2 million in available liquidityDividend of USD 0.063 1 per share for the quarterBarossa FPSO project…,"Communiqué officiel de BW OFFSHORE LTDThird quarter results 2023HIGHLIGHTSEBITDA of USD 74.5 millionOperating cashflow of USD 116.3 millionEquity ratio of 31.0% and USD 452.2 million in available liquidityDividend of USD 0.063 (NOK 0.70) 1 per share for the quarterper share for the quarter Barossa FPSO project 77.2% complete per end of October 2023Abo FPSO sold for USD 20 millionOffer launched to take BW Ideol privateBW Offshore continued to execute the Barossa FPSO project with overall completion at 77.2% per end of October  according to schedule. The FPSO is en route to Singapore following completion of the hull at the yard in South Korea. Lifting and installation of the topside modules will commence in November upon arrival at the integration yard in Singapore.The Company continues to explore the provision of an Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Commissioning (EPCC) and Operations and Maintenance (O&M) service contract for a five-year transitional period with the buyer of BW Opportunity. BW Offshore is also selectively evaluating new FPSO contract opportunities meeting return targets.""We see a continued strong FPSO market with oil and gas companies seeking efficient solutions for safe  secure and reliable production. We are selectively maturing projects that meet our criteria as well as progressing the discussions related to BW Opportunity ” said Marco Beenen  CEO of BW Offshore. “Operationally we have full focus on delivering the BW Opal per plan for the Barossa project and maintaining high operational uptime on our core assets.”The Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of USD 0.035 per share and USD 5 million of BW Energy Limited shares as in-kind distribution equivalent to USD 0.028 per share. Shares will trade ex-dividend from 20 November 2023. Shareholders recorded in VPS following the close of trading on Oslo Børs on 21 November 2023 will be entitled to the distribution payable on or about 28 November 2023.FINANCIALSEBITDA for the third quarter of 2023 was USD 74.5 million (USD 60.9 million in Q2). The increase is largely due to high commercial uptime for Catcher and lower costs relating to the legacy fleet divestment in the period compared with the second quarter.EBIT for the third quarter was USD 38.2 million (USD 18.2 million).Gain from sale of fixed assets was USD 9.6 million (USD 8.7 million) and relates to the sale of Abo FPSO.Net financial items were negative USD 2.5 million (negative 4.9 million) of which net interest expense amounted to USD 10.1 million (USD 8.8 million). Mark-to-market (MTM) changes on FX hedges and interest rate hedges were positive as USD long-term interest rates increased during third quarter.The net contribution from BW Offshore’s ownership in BW Energy was USD 0.4 million (USD 0.6 million).Tax expense was USD 7.2 million (USD 3.0 million). The increase in tax expenses is mainly due to tax on the sale of Abo FPSO.Net profit for third quarter was USD 28.9 million (USD 10.9 million).Total equity on 30 September 2023 was USD 1 179.8 million (USD 1 150.3 million). The equity ratio was 31.0% at the end of the quarter (31.9%).Net interest-bearing debt was USD 294.7 million (USD 347.6 million).Available liquidity was USD 452.2 million  excluding consolidated cash from BW Ideol and including USD 195 million available under the corporate loan facility.FPSO OPERATIONSThe FPSO fleet continued to deliver stable uptime in the quarter with a weighted average fleet uptime of 99.2% (98.5% in Q2 2023).In July  Sendje Berge was sold for USD 15 million  and in September  the sale of Abo FPSO for USD 20 million was completed.Installation of the second gas lift compressor on the FPSO BW Adolo  operating on the Dussafu license  was completed to support production from additional wells for client BW Energy.BW Offshore has signed an agreement for the sale of FPSO Polvo to BW Energy for USD 50 million. On 31 October  BW Energy paid the first instalment of USD 30 million. The second and last instalment will be paid on 30 April 2024.BW ENERGYBW Offshore own 23.3% of the shares in BW Energy. The Company is pleased to note average daily production increase to ~27 400 bbls/day for the third quarter following closing of the Golfinho acquisition in Brazil.Two additional production wells were completed and started producing oil as part of the Hibiscus / Ruche phase 1 development program. In early November  BW Energy announced a new commercial oil discovery in the Hibiscus South satellite prospect providing low-cost and low-risk expansion of the production and reserve base.OFFSHORE FLOATING WINDBW Offshore is actively engaged in the energy transition by developing clean energy production solutions  applying its offshore engineering and operations capabilities to drive future value creation through its ownership in BW Ideol. BW Ideol is a global leader in offshore floating wind technology and co-development with more than 12 years of experience from design  execution and development of floating wind projects based on proprietary and patented Damping Pool® technology and engineering capabilities.On 9 November  a group of shareholders (the ""Initiating Shareholders"") in BW Ideol  including BW Offshore  representing 84.7% of the shares outstanding  launched a voluntary offer for all the remaining shares of BW Ideol  with the intention to take the company private and delist from Euronext Growth Oslo.BW Ideol was admitted to trading on Euronext Growth in 2021 to facilitate future capital raises and trading of the company’ shares. The offer and plan to take the company private reflects that the Initiating Shareholders consider it unlikely that BW Ideol as a company trading on Euronext Growth will be able to raise new equity on terms that are not highly dilutive for non-participating shareholders in the current equity capital market environment. The Initiating Shareholders believe that BW Ideol  if privately held  would benefit from reduced cost and more management time to progress the company. It will also position the company to raise capital from investors that invest in privately held growth companies  including other industrial investors in addition to BW Offshore.The offer period commenced on 14 November and will last until 28 November. It is expected that the shares will be delisted in December 2023  subject to the offer being completed according to plan.OUTLOOKBW Offshore expects that the core units in the existing fleet will continue to generate significant cash flows in the time ahead  supported by the USD 5.6 billion firm contract backlog at end of September 2023  including the Barossa contract. Based on the contract backlog  the Company expects to report an EBITDA in the range of USD 285 - 295 million for the full year 2023 and USD 290 - 310 million for 2024.The non-core fleet divestment programme is on track for completion by year-end.There is continued interest for infrastructure-type FPSO projects due to high energy prices. These are tied to developments with long-term production  low break-even costs and low carbon emissions. Increased project complexity  combined with inflationary pressures and higher construction costs  necessitates financial structures with significant dayrate prepayments during the construction period for the new lease and operate projects. Alternatively  oil and gas majors may finance and own FPSOs  relying on FPSO specialists for the EPCI scope and O&M services.BW Offshore continues to actively evaluate FPSO opportunities  focusing on projects that meet the required return targets  offer a firm contract with no residual value risk  and provide a financeable structure with national or investment-grade counterparties. The Company is also actively engaged in the energy transition by developing clean energy production solutions  applying the Company’s offshore engineering and operational capabilities to drive future value creation.1. Exchange rate USD/NOK 11.1386 (as of 14.11.2023)Please see attached the Q3 Presentation. The earnings tables are available at:www.bwoffshore.com/irBW Offshore will host a webcast of the financial results 14:00 (CET) today. The presentation will be given by CEO Marco Beenen and CFO Ståle Andreassen.Webcast information:You can follow the presentation via webcast with supporting slides and a Q&A module  available on:BW Offshore Limited – Q3 Presentation WebcastPlease note  that if you follow the webcast via the above URL  you will experience a 30 second delay compared to the main conference call. The web page works best in an updated browser - Chrome is recommended.For further information  please contact:Ståle Andreassen  CFO  +47 91 71 86 55About BW Offshore:BW Offshore engineers innovative floating production solutions. The Company has a fleet of 5 FPSOs with potential and ambition to grow. By leveraging four decades of offshore operations and project execution  the Company creates tailored offshore energy solutions for evolving markets world-wide. BW Offshore has around 1 400 employees and is publicly listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.33,0.4,True,English,"['Third quarter results', 'BW Offshore', 'November', '01:31', 'Hibiscus / Ruche phase 1 development program', 'O&M) service contract', 'Hibiscus South satellite prospect', 'new FPSO contract opportunities', 'new commercial oil discovery', 'second gas lift compressor', 'offshore floating wind technology', 'Two additional production wells', 'USD long-term interest rates', 'average daily production increase', 'clean energy production solutions', 'BW Energy Limited shares', 'quarter Barossa FPSO project', 'high commercial uptime', 'Oslo Børs', 'corporate loan facility', 'future value creation', 'average fleet uptime', 'high operational uptime', 'floating wind projects', 'legacy fleet divestment', 'interest rate hedges', 'Net financial items', 'Net interest-bearing debt', 'five-year transitional period', 'FPSO BW Adolo', 'client BW Energy', 'BW OFFSHORE LTD', 'strong FPSO market', 'BW Ideol private', 'Third quarter results', 'Barossa project', 'additional wells', 'FPSO fleet', 'South Korea', 'gas companies', 'efficient solutions', 'stable uptime', 'reliable production', 'Abo FPSO', 'FPSO Polvo', 'FX hedges', 'energy transition', 'net contribution', 'Net profit', 'offshore engineering', 'second quarter', 'BW Opportunity', 'BW Opal', 'FPSO OPERATIONS', 'The FPSO', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Operating cashflow', 'Equity ratio', 'available liquidity', 'topside modules', 'Engineering, Procurement', 'return targets', 'safe, secure', 'Marco Beenen', 'full focus', 'core assets', 'lower costs', 'fixed assets', 'Total equity', 'consolidated cash', 'Sendje Berge', 'Dussafu license', 'first instalment', 'last instalment', 'Golfinho acquisition', 'low-risk expansion', 'reserve base', 'global leader', 'Tax expense', 'operations capabilities', 'overall completion', 'integration yard', 'kind distribution', 'cash dividend', 'early November', '20 November', '21 November', '28 November', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'EBITDA', 'October', 'Offer', 'schedule', 'route', 'Singapore', 'hull', 'Lifting', 'installation', 'arrival', 'Company', 'provision', 'Construction', 'Commissioning', 'EPCC', 'Maintenance', 'buyer', 'criteria', 'discussions', 'CEO', 'plan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'VPS', 'close', 'trading', 'FINANCIALS', 'Catcher', 'Gain', 'sale', 'MTM', 'changes', 'ownership', '30 September', 'weighted', 'Q2', 'July', 'agreement', '30 April', '~27,400 bbls', 'closing', 'Brazil', 'part', 'low-cost', '12 years', 'experience', 'design', 'execution', 'proprietary', '99.']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781545/0/en/BW-Offshore-Third-quarter-results-2023.html,BW Offshore: Third quarter results 2023,Third quarter results 2023  HIGHLIGHTS  EBITDA of USD 74.5 millionOperating cashflow of USD 116.3 millionEquity ratio of 31.0% and USD 452.2 million in......,"Third quarter results 2023HIGHLIGHTSEBITDA of USD 74.5 millionOperating cashflow of USD 116.3 millionEquity ratio of 31.0% and USD 452.2 million in available liquidityDividend of USD 0.063 (NOK 0.70) 1 per share for the quarterper share for the quarter Barossa FPSO project 77.2% complete per end of October 2023Abo FPSO sold for USD 20 millionOffer launched to take BW Ideol privateBW Offshore continued to execute the Barossa FPSO project with overall completion at 77.2% per end of October  according to schedule. The FPSO is en route to Singapore following completion of the hull at the yard in South Korea. Lifting and installation of the topside modules will commence in November upon arrival at the integration yard in Singapore.The Company continues to explore the provision of an Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Commissioning (EPCC) and Operations and Maintenance (O&M) service contract for a five-year transitional period with the buyer of BW Opportunity. BW Offshore is also selectively evaluating new FPSO contract opportunities meeting return targets.""We see a continued strong FPSO market with oil and gas companies seeking efficient solutions for safe  secure and reliable production. We are selectively maturing projects that meet our criteria as well as progressing the discussions related to BW Opportunity ” said Marco Beenen  CEO of BW Offshore. “Operationally we have full focus on delivering the BW Opal per plan for the Barossa project and maintaining high operational uptime on our core assets.”The Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of USD 0.035 per share and USD 5 million of BW Energy Limited shares as in-kind distribution equivalent to USD 0.028 per share. Shares will trade ex-dividend from 20 November 2023. Shareholders recorded in VPS following the close of trading on Oslo Børs on 21 November 2023 will be entitled to the distribution payable on or about 28 November 2023.FINANCIALSEBITDA for the third quarter of 2023 was USD 74.5 million (USD 60.9 million in Q2). The increase is largely due to high commercial uptime for Catcher and lower costs relating to the legacy fleet divestment in the period compared with the second quarter.EBIT for the third quarter was USD 38.2 million (USD 18.2 million).Gain from sale of fixed assets was USD 9.6 million (USD 8.7 million) and relates to the sale of Abo FPSO.Net financial items were negative USD 2.5 million (negative 4.9 million) of which net interest expense amounted to USD 10.1 million (USD 8.8 million). Mark-to-market (MTM) changes on FX hedges and interest rate hedges were positive as USD long-term interest rates increased during third quarter.The net contribution from BW Offshore’s ownership in BW Energy was USD 0.4 million (USD 0.6 million).Tax expense was USD 7.2 million (USD 3.0 million). The increase in tax expenses is mainly due to tax on the sale of Abo FPSO.Net profit for third quarter was USD 28.9 million (USD 10.9 million).Total equity on 30 September 2023 was USD 1 179.8 million (USD 1 150.3 million). The equity ratio was 31.0% at the end of the quarter (31.9%).Net interest-bearing debt was USD 294.7 million (USD 347.6 million).Available liquidity was USD 452.2 million  excluding consolidated cash from BW Ideol and including USD 195 million available under the corporate loan facility.FPSO OPERATIONSThe FPSO fleet continued to deliver stable uptime in the quarter with a weighted average fleet uptime of 99.2% (98.5% in Q2 2023).In July  Sendje Berge was sold for USD 15 million  and in September  the sale of Abo FPSO for USD 20 million was completed.Installation of the second gas lift compressor on the FPSO BW Adolo  operating on the Dussafu license  was completed to support production from additional wells for client BW Energy.BW Offshore has signed an agreement for the sale of FPSO Polvo to BW Energy for USD 50 million. On 31 October  BW Energy paid the first instalment of USD 30 million. The second and last instalment will be paid on 30 April 2024.BW ENERGYBW Offshore own 23.3% of the shares in BW Energy. The Company is pleased to note average daily production increase to ~27 400 bbls/day for the third quarter following closing of the Golfinho acquisition in Brazil.Two additional production wells were completed and started producing oil as part of the Hibiscus / Ruche phase 1 development program. In early November  BW Energy announced a new commercial oil discovery in the Hibiscus South satellite prospect providing low-cost and low-risk expansion of the production and reserve base.OFFSHORE FLOATING WINDBW Offshore is actively engaged in the energy transition by developing clean energy production solutions  applying its offshore engineering and operations capabilities to drive future value creation through its ownership in BW Ideol. BW Ideol is a global leader in offshore floating wind technology and co-development with more than 12 years of experience from design  execution and development of floating wind projects based on proprietary and patented Damping Pool® technology and engineering capabilities.On 9 November  a group of shareholders (the ""Initiating Shareholders"") in BW Ideol  including BW Offshore  representing 84.7% of the shares outstanding  launched a voluntary offer for all the remaining shares of BW Ideol  with the intention to take the company private and delist from Euronext Growth Oslo.BW Ideol was admitted to trading on Euronext Growth in 2021 to facilitate future capital raises and trading of the company’ shares. The offer and plan to take the company private reflects that the Initiating Shareholders consider it unlikely that BW Ideol as a company trading on Euronext Growth will be able to raise new equity on terms that are not highly dilutive for non-participating shareholders in the current equity capital market environment. The Initiating Shareholders believe that BW Ideol  if privately held  would benefit from reduced cost and more management time to progress the company. It will also position the company to raise capital from investors that invest in privately held growth companies  including other industrial investors in addition to BW Offshore.The offer period commenced on 14 November and will last until 28 November. It is expected that the shares will be delisted in December 2023  subject to the offer being completed according to plan.OUTLOOKBW Offshore expects that the core units in the existing fleet will continue to generate significant cash flows in the time ahead  supported by the USD 5.6 billion firm contract backlog at end of September 2023  including the Barossa contract. Based on the contract backlog  the Company expects to report an EBITDA in the range of USD 285 - 295 million for the full year 2023 and USD 290 - 310 million for 2024.The non-core fleet divestment programme is on track for completion by year-end.There is continued interest for infrastructure-type FPSO projects due to high energy prices. These are tied to developments with long-term production  low break-even costs and low carbon emissions. Increased project complexity  combined with inflationary pressures and higher construction costs  necessitates financial structures with significant dayrate prepayments during the construction period for the new lease and operate projects. Alternatively  oil and gas majors may finance and own FPSOs  relying on FPSO specialists for the EPCI scope and O&M services.BW Offshore continues to actively evaluate FPSO opportunities  focusing on projects that meet the required return targets  offer a firm contract with no residual value risk  and provide a financeable structure with national or investment-grade counterparties. The Company is also actively engaged in the energy transition by developing clean energy production solutions  applying the Company’s offshore engineering and operational capabilities to drive future value creation.1. Exchange rate USD/NOK 11.1386 (as of 14.11.2023)Please see attached the Q3 Presentation. The earnings tables are available at:www.bwoffshore.com/irBW Offshore will host a webcast of the financial results 14:00 (CET) today. The presentation will be given by CEO Marco Beenen and CFO Ståle Andreassen.Webcast information:You can follow the presentation via webcast with supporting slides and a Q&A module  available on:BW Offshore Limited – Q3 Presentation WebcastPlease note  that if you follow the webcast via the above URL  you will experience a 30 second delay compared to the main conference call. The web page works best in an updated browser - Chrome is recommended.For further information  please contact:Ståle Andreassen  CFO  +47 91 71 86 55About BW Offshore:BW Offshore engineers innovative floating production solutions. The Company has a fleet of 5 FPSOs with potential and ambition to grow. By leveraging four decades of offshore operations and project execution  the Company creates tailored offshore energy solutions for evolving markets world-wide. BW Offshore has around 1 400 employees and is publicly listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.18,0.42,True,English,"['Third quarter results', 'BW Offshore', 'Hibiscus / Ruche phase 1 development program', 'O&M) service contract', 'Hibiscus South satellite prospect', 'new FPSO contract opportunities', 'new commercial oil discovery', 'second gas lift compressor', 'Two additional production wells', 'offshore floating wind technology', 'USD long-term interest rates', 'average daily production increase', 'clean energy production solutions', 'BW Energy Limited shares', 'quarter Barossa FPSO project', 'Damping Pool® technology', 'high commercial uptime', 'Oslo Børs', 'corporate loan facility', 'future value creation', 'average fleet uptime', 'high operational uptime', 'floating wind projects', 'legacy fleet divestment', 'interest rate hedges', 'Net financial items', 'Net interest-bearing debt', 'five-year transitional period', 'FPSO BW Adolo', 'client BW Energy', 'strong FPSO market', 'BW Ideol private', 'Third quarter results', 'Barossa project', 'additional wells', 'FPSO fleet', 'South Korea', 'gas companies', 'efficient solutions', 'stable uptime', 'reliable production', 'Abo FPSO', 'FPSO Polvo', 'BW Offshore', 'FX hedges', 'energy transition', 'net contribution', 'Net profit', 'second quarter', 'offshore engineering', 'BW Opportunity', 'BW Opal', 'FPSO OPERATIONS', 'The FPSO', 'Operating cashflow', 'Equity ratio', 'available liquidity', 'topside modules', 'Engineering, Procurement', 'return targets', 'safe, secure', 'Marco Beenen', 'full focus', 'core assets', 'lower costs', 'fixed assets', 'Total equity', 'Sendje Berge', 'Dussafu license', 'first instalment', 'last instalment', 'Golfinho acquisition', 'low-risk expansion', 'reserve base', 'global leader', 'Tax expense', 'operations capabilities', 'overall completion', 'integration yard', 'kind distribution', 'early November', 'cash dividend', '20 November', '21 November', '28 November', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'EBITDA', 'NOK', 'October', 'Offer', 'schedule', 'route', 'Singapore', 'hull', 'Lifting', 'installation', 'arrival', 'Company', 'provision', 'Construction', 'Commissioning', 'EPCC', 'Maintenance', 'buyer', 'criteria', 'discussions', 'CEO', 'plan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'VPS', 'close', 'trading', 'FINANCIALS', 'Catcher', 'Gain', 'sale', 'MTM', 'changes', 'ownership', '30 September', 'consolidated', 'weighted', 'Q2', 'July', 'agreement', '30 April', '~27,400 bbls', 'closing', 'Brazil', 'part', 'low-cost', '12 years', 'experience', 'design', 'execution', 'proprietary', 'patented', '99.']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-Recurring-business-gathers-pace-up-32-6-as-of-September-30-2023-driven-by-the-45376617/,Wallix Group : Recurring business gathers pace  up 32.6% as of September 30  2023 driven by the roll-out of the subscription model -November 16  2023 at 12:35 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Monthly recurring revenue up 32.6%;Annual recurring revenue of €18.6 million as of September 30  2023  representing 74% of 2022 turnover;Trajectory towards profitable growth in 2024 confirmed. Paris  November 16  2023 - WALLIX   a…,"Communiqué officiel de WALLIX GROUPMonthly recurring revenue up 32.6%;Annual recurring revenue of €18.6 million as of September 30  2023  representing 74% of 2022 turnover;Trajectory towards profitable growth in 2024 confirmed.Paris  November 16  2023 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  announces its business performance for Q3 2023.Unaudited data  €000 March 31  2023 June 30  2023 September 30  2023 Monthly recurring revenue 1 287 1 415 1 550 Change over 12 months +26.4% +26.1% +32.6%Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the WALLIX GROUP  said: “With monthly recurring revenue up nearly 33%  the shift towards a subscription-based model is gathering pace  driven by existing clients and a strong and steady increase in new business. The development of the subscription model ensures a long-term revenue stream and better financial visibility  which is one of the priorities of our business strategy. The fact that we have been able to maintain consolidated revenue growth of over 20% during this process shows how well we are managing this transformation via a prudent and gradual approach.Thanks to the groundwork done on transforming our business model and strengthening our equity  WALLIX has everything it needs to pursue its development plan  gain market share and contribute to the construction of a global competitive and innovative cybersecurity portfolio in terms of digital Identity and Access Security. We will remain particularly active in the industrial cybersecurity market  an area which is lagging well behind in terms of cyber equipment and in which WALLIX has a particularly strong competitive edge thanks to its PAM and IAM solutions dedicated to the OT.Security environment.Considering these factors  we are confirming our solid growth targets for 2023 and 2024 with a view to reaching operating breakeven in 2024.”Accelerated growth in recurring revenue  solid business growthMonthly recurring revenue (MRR) as of September 30  2023 totaled €1.6 million  up 32.6% versus September 30  2022 after respective increases of 26.4% and 26.1% as of March 31 and June 30  2023.On an annual basis  recurring business amounted to €18.6 million as of September 30  2023  representing 73.9% of 2022 consolidated turnover  up 13.3 percentage points over one year.Consolidated turnover for the nine months ended September 30 amounted to €20.9 million  up 24% and up 27% excluding Russia  driven by sustained demand from medium-sized companies and an accelerating number of major projects in the industrial sector. Third quarter growth amounted to 20%  and 22% excluding Russia  with Q3 turnover at €7.0 million.Sales momentum is particularly strong in the industrial cybersecurity market  notably in France and the Middle East/Africa region  where the Group has signed major contracts in the transport  energy and agrifood sectors.Consolidated since May 16  2023  Kleverware contributed turnover of €0.3 million for the period.Reorganization  strengthened financial structure and confirmation of medium-term targetsThe WALLIX Group's upsizing initiative is being supported by the organizational streamlining of the sales and marketing departments initiated in 2023 and driven by the new Chief Revenue Officer appointed at the beginning of the year. The purpose of the reorganization is to judiciously accelerate the transformation towards a subscription model while maintaining strong short-term business growth and leveraging the means to optimize the sales margin. This structure supports the WALLIX three-tier sales model balanced between a global and local approach to the Company's markets.The Group also strengthened its financial structure via a €10.5 million fundraiser during the first half and the recent signing of a €2.5 million eight-year Recovery Loan with repayment deferred for four years. This gives WALLIX a solid financial springboard from which to confidently pursue its roadmap towards becoming a European leader in identity and access cybersecurity.Backed by this sustained growth momentum and the continued strengthening of recurring business  the Group is confirming its ambition to improve earnings as from the second half of 2023 and achieve operating breakeven in 2024.Next publication: Full-year 2023 turnover  February 8  2024ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure Thierry Dassault Holding are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestor Relations - Hélène de Watteville+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt+33 6 24 03 26 52 / acdudicourt@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yG5sZMpol2+cl5trZ8hqaZZmaJpjxZHHZmWax5OaYsmZmW9lxWtnb8aVZnFjnmps- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- Third quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82956-wallix-ca-t3-2023-v4_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['Wallix Group', 'Recurring business', 'subscription model', 'pace', 'September', 'roll', 'November', '12:35', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', '€2.5 million eight-year Recovery Loan', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'new Chief Revenue Officer', 'strong short-term business growth', 'WALLIX three-tier sales model', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long-term revenue stream', 'Middle East/Africa region', 'Third quarter growth', 'innovative cybersecurity portfolio', 'IT network protection', 'critical IT infrastructure', 'Monthly recurring revenue', 'solid growth targets', 'solid financial springboard', 'consolidated revenue growth', 'solid business growth', 'strong competitive edge', 'Annual recurring revenue', 'industrial cybersecurity market', 'sustained growth momentum', 'privileged access management', ""organizations' digital assets"", 'digital identity security', 'The WALLIX Group', 'new business', '€10.5 million fundraiser', 'recurring business', 'profitable growth', 'Accelerated growth', 'Sales momentum', 'business model', 'market share', 'European leader', 'European specialist', 'IT systems', 'annual basis', 'sustained demand', 'industrial sector', 'medium-term targets', 'industrial networks', 'subscription-based model', 'subscription model', 'business performance', 'business strategy', 'business continuity', 'The Group', 'financial visibility', 'Security environment', 'sales margin', 'Access Security', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'existing clients', 'steady increase', 'gradual approach', 'global competitive', 'cyber equipment', 'IAM solutions', 'operating breakeven', 'respective increases', '2022 consolidated turnover', 'medium-sized companies', 'accelerating number', 'major projects', 'major contracts', 'agrifood sectors', 'upsizing initiative', 'organizational streamlining', 'marketing departments', 'local approach', 'first half', 'recent signing', 'four years', 'continued strengthening', 'second half', 'Next publication', 'world leader', 'regulatory requirements', 'Trustelem solutions', 'information systems', 'financial structure', 'data security', 'Unaudited data', 'Full-year 2023 turnover', 'development plan', 'one year', 'nine months', 'Q3 turnover', '2022 turnover', '12 months', 'September', 'Trajectory', 'Paris', 'expert', 'PAM', 'June', 'Change', 'Chairman', 'shift', 'pace', 'priorities', 'fact', 'process', 'transformation', 'prudent', 'groundwork', 'equity', 'everything', 'construction', 'terms', 'area', 'OT.', 'view', 'MRR', 'March', 'Russia', 'France', 'energy', 'May', 'Kleverware', 'period', 'Reorganization', 'confirmation', 'beginning', 'purpose', 'means', 'Company', 'markets', 'repayment', 'roadmap', 'ambition', 'earnings', 'February', 'technologies', 'today', 'challenges', 'detection', 'resilience', 'cyberattacks', 'addition', 'cloud', 'compliance', 'customers']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-and-Hassan-Allam-Construction-sign-a-cooperation-agreement-developing-Smart-Digital-Platfor-45368759/,Thales : and Hassan Allam Construction sign a cooperation agreement developing Smart Digital Platform business in Egypt and in the region -November 16  2023 at 02:08 am EST,(marketscreener.com)    Thales and Hassan Allam Construction sign a cooperation agreement developing Smart Digital Platform business in Egypt and in the region    16 Nov 2023    Share this article    Facebook   ...https://www.marketscreener.…,"Thales and Hassan Allam Construction sign a cooperation agreement developing Smart Digital Platform business in Egypt and in the region 16 Nov 2023 Share this article FacebookTwitterLinkedInToday  at Milipol 2023  Hassan Allam Construction  a leading engineering and construction company in Egypt and the Mena Region  and Thales  a world leader in advanced technologies  signed a strategic partnership to deliver in Egypt and in the region cutting-edge digital platforms based on big data and AI that help make cities safer and smarter.The two companies plan to expand cooperation in the region  leveraging on their industrial complementarity with Hassan Allam Construction being a leader in developing large-scale projects in engineering and Thales having a new generation of hypervisor for security improvement.Hassan Allam Construction and Thales intend to collaborate on opportunities to accelerate market adoption and extend their offer to promote the Smart Digital Platform (SDP) of Thales in the region. As a leading global engineering and investment group with a reputation for excellence  reliability and innovation  Hassan Allam Construction will promote  market  sell and more generally support the Smart Digital Platform  directly or indirectly  within the region. As one of the largest corporations in Egypt and the MENA region  Hassan Allam Construction offers premium services and solutions across engineering  procurement and construction.Thales's Smart Digital Platform addresses the full spectrum of operator requirements  processing data from thousands of surveillance sensors to make security systems smarter  more agile and more automated  while ensuring they are always at the forefront of the latest technological advances.""Our strategic partnership with Thales and the seamless integration of their Smart Digital Platform empower us to provide cutting-edge solutions. This collaboration showcases our steadfast dedication to innovation as we work towards creating safer  more intelligent  and sustainable communities for the future."" Said Mohamed El Dahshoury  CEO Hassan Allam Construction""The partnership will leverage the natural strengths of both ours companies. The agreement demonstrates Hassan Allam Construction continuous trust in Thales and recognition of the value of the Smart Digital Platform. Through this strong partnership  we will contribute to the security in the region with innovative products  solutions and quality services."" said Makrem Dridi  Vice President Global Public Security at Thales.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key areas such as quantum technologies  Edge computing  6G and cybersecurity.Thales has 77 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion.About Hassan Allam Construction ​ ​ ​Hassan Allam Construction is Hassan Allam Holding's flagship subsidiary and one of the leading contractors in Egypt and the MENA region. Leveraging its solid track record  the company is a partner of choice in major construction projects throughout Egypt and abroad  delivering timely unparalleled construction and infrastructure projects across a wide range of sectors. Established in 1936  it is one of the oldest construction franchises in the MENA region  and boasts a solid reputation  superior technical capabilities  and a diversified portfolio. With a legacy of identifying attractive infrastructure projects  it has delivered hundreds of projects. The company is ranked among the Engineering News-Record list of the top 250 global contractors.For more information  visit: www.hassanallam.com",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Smart Digital Platform business', 'Hassan Allam Construction', 'cooperation agreement', 'Thales', 'Egypt', 'region', 'November', '02', '08', 'Vice President Global Public Security', 'Hassan Allam Construction continuous trust', 'CEO Hassan Allam Construction', 'Smart Digital Platform business', 'Hassan Allam Holding', 'latest technological advances', 'Mohamed El Dahshoury', 'timely unparalleled construction', 'oldest construction franchises', 'superior technical capabilities', 'top 250 global contractors', 'cutting-edge digital platforms', 'solid track record', 'major construction projects', 'Engineering News-Record list', 'attractive infrastructure projects', 'leading global engineering', 'Digital Identity', 'global leader', 'leading contractors', 'leading engineering', 'construction company', 'large-scale projects', 'advanced technologies', 'industrial complementarity', 'new generation', 'security improvement', 'largest corporations', 'premium services', 'full spectrum', 'operator requirements', 'surveillance sensors', 'security systems', 'seamless integration', 'steadfast dedication', 'sustainable communities', 'natural strengths', 'quality services', 'Makrem Dridi', 'Euronext Paris', 'three domains', 'key areas', 'quantum technologies', 'Edge computing', 'flagship subsidiary', 'wide range', 'solid reputation', 'diversified portfolio', 'strategic partnership', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'strong partnership', 'investment group', 'The Group', 'big data', 'two companies', 'market adoption', 'innovative products', 'Mena Region', 'world leader', 'cooperation agreement', 'Thales', 'Egypt', 'article', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Milipol', 'cities', 'hypervisor', 'opportunities', 'offer', 'SDP', 'excellence', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'procurement', 'thousands', 'forefront', 'collaboration', 'future', 'recognition', 'value', 'Defence', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'Research', 'Development', '6G', 'cybersecurity', '77,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'choice', 'sectors', 'legacy', 'hundreds', 'information', 'hassanallam']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-Trading-Update-Q3-2023-45376277/,Cenergy S A : Trading Update Q3 2023 -November 16  2023 at 11:56 am EST,"(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  16 November 2023   Cenergy Holdings S.A.   hereafter ""Cenergy Holdings"" or ""the Company""  announces today its financial information for the nine months period ended on 30 September 2023 and the third quarter of 2023.   S…","Brussels  16 November 2023Cenergy Holdings S.A. (Euronext Brussels  Athens Stock Exchange: CENER)  hereafter ""Cenergy Holdings"" or ""the Company""  announces today its financial information for the nine months period ended on 30 September 2023 and the third quarter of 2023.Solid performance in both segments continues and confirms full year profitability guidanceRecord high backlog fuels our investment plansRevenue reaches EUR 1.17 billion  12% higher than prior year's corresponding period (9M 2022: EUR 1.05 billion).reaches EUR 1.17 billion  than prior year's corresponding period (9M 2022: EUR 1.05 billion). Operational profitability improves significantly during Q3 pushing adjusted EBITDA to EUR 145 million for the first nine months of 2023 (+53% y-o-y); profitability margins for Q3 2023 exceed 15% due to improved products and projects mix in both segments.improves significantly during Q3 pushing adjusted EBITDA to for the first nine months of 2023 (+53% y-o-y); profitability margins for Q3 2023 exceed 15% due to improved products and projects mix in both segments. Order backlog [1] breaks the EUR 3 billion threshold on September 30  2023 (from EUR 2.5 billion on June 30 and EUR 2 billion nine months earlier); submarine cable capacity expansion is on track and selective upgrades in steel pipes segment are planned to address backlog growth.breaks the threshold on September 30  2023 (from EUR 2.5 billion on June 30 and EUR 2 billion nine months earlier); submarine cable capacity expansion is on track and selective upgrades in steel pipes segment are planned to address backlog growth. Consolidated profit before tax rises by 13% y-o-y to EUR 60.1 million (EUR 53.1 million in 9M 2022) with net profit after tax at EUR 47.2 million (+7% y-o-y from EUR 44.1 million in 9M 2022).rises by 13% y-o-y to (EUR 53.1 million in 9M 2022) with at (+7% y-o-y from EUR 44.1 million in 9M 2022). FY 2023 guidance updated to a range of EUR 190 - 200 million for adjusted EBITDACommenting on the Group's performance  Alexis Alexiou  Cenergy Holdings' Chief Executive Officer  stated:I am pleased to announce a new record-high quarterly EBITDA for Q3 2023 along with a record-high backlog which exceeds EUR 3 billion for the first time in Group's history. The strong performance recorded throughout these last three months confirms Cenergy Holdings' ability for value creation in energy transition markets. Throughout the quarter  we maintained high-capacity utilization across all our production lines in both segments and ensured strong project execution. The improved profit margins achieved during Q3 provide confidence for the achievement of our 2023 profitability objectives  while at the same time allow us to plan new investments and both take advantage of the sustainability megatrends while enforcing our position as an enabler towards global green energy transformation.[1]Backlog includes signed contracts  as well as contracts not yet enforced  for which the subsidiaries have either received a letter of award or been declared preferred bidder by the tenderers.Financial OverviewStrong operational profitability and growth across all segmentsRevenue grew by 12% for the nine-month period to EUR 1 169 million  with Q3 2023 sales slightly down (-4%) compared to 2022 Q3. The improved product mix  however  along with full production schedules in all Group's plants led to significantly higher margins.The cables segment completed the production of the submarine cables for Lavrio - Serifos / Serifos - Milos interconnection (phase 4 of the Cyclades' interconnection in Greece  with a total cable length of 170km) and continued several projects already at execution stage  such as the Sofia OWF inter-array cables in the UK and the high voltage submarine cables for the Croatian Transmission System Operator (HOPS) in the Adriatic Sea. At the same time  the strong demand for cables products  particularly low and medium voltage cables  continued in all our main markets in Central & Western Europe  the Balkans and the Middle East and combined with improved profit margins in these categories to advance the segment's profitability.The steel pipes segment exhibited strong performance during Q3 2023 at levels similar to those achieved in the prior six months of the year  built on a strong momentum gained by recent awards and its strong backlog. Corinth Pipeworks started production of pipelines awarded by Chevron  Shell and Equinor (IRPA project) and delivered the 163km steel pipes for the West Macedonia pipeline to DESFA during Q3.Adjusted EBITDA reached EUR 58.9 million in Q3 2023 (+40% q-o-q  +37% y-o-y) due to full production schedules and improved profit margins. The substantial difference over the previous quarter is attributed to the cables segment with steel pipes keeping their satisfactory performance. 9-month a-EBITDA amounted to EUR 145 million  EUR 50 million (+53%) higher than last year's comparable period.Net finance costs are still high  reaching ca. EUR 55 million for the first nine months of the year  more than double those during the same period last year. As outlined in 2023H1 results  this escalation is attributed to seriously higher Euribor rates charged during the entire year  compared to last year's negative levels for reference floaters. Ongoing investments in cables and larger working capital needs did not allow net debt levels to fall from H1 levels  weighing further down on finance charges.Despite the above  operational profitability pushed upwards Profit before income tax to EUR 60.1 million for the period ended on 30 September 2023  13% higher than the EUR 53.1 million recorded in 9M 2022. Profit after tax for the same period stood at EUR 47.2 million (EUR 44.1 million in 9M 2022) representing 4% of revenue  and earnings per share amounted to 0.25 EUR.New awards keep increasing backlog to new highsThe successful tendering activity continued without disruptions for both segments with total order backlog exceeding EUR 3 billion as of September 30  2023  the highest level ever achieved by the Group (+20% higher than June 30th). Commercial teams of both segments secured some important orders from July to September 2023  such as:",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.63,0.3,0.07,True,English,"['Cenergy S A', 'Trading Update', 'November', '11', '56', ""Cenergy Holdings' Chief Executive Officer"", 'Croatian Transmission System Operator', 'global green energy transformation', 'submarine cable capacity expansion', 'Cenergy Holdings S.A.', 'Sofia OWF inter-array cables', 'high voltage submarine cables', 'new record-high quarterly EBITDA', 'full year profitability guidance', ""Cenergy Holdings' ability"", 'total cable length', 'medium voltage cables', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'energy transition markets', 'West Macedonia pipeline', 'first nine months', '163km steel pipes', 'Record high backlog', 'last three months', 'Net finance costs', 'full production schedules', 'prior six months', 'nine months period', 'steel pipes segment', 'strong project execution', 'Strong operational profitability', 'EUR 3 billion threshold', 'Q3. Adjusted EBITDA', 'cables segment', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'record-high backlog', 'new investments', 'first time', 'net profit', 'execution stage', 'main markets', 'IRPA project', 'last year', 'prior year', 'profitability margins', '2023 profitability objectives', 'strong demand', 'strong momentum', 'strong backlog', 'corresponding period', 'nine-month period', 'comparable period', 'strong performance', 'cables products', 'financial information', 'investment plans', 'projects mix', 'Order backlog', 'selective upgrades', 'Consolidated profit', 'Alexis Alexiou', 'value creation', 'high-capacity utilization', 'production lines', 'profit margins', 'same time', 'sustainability megatrends', 'Financial Overview', 'product mix', 'higher margins', 'Milos interconnection', ""Cyclades' interconnection"", 'several projects', 'Adriatic Sea', 'Western Europe', 'Middle East', 'recent awards', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'substantial difference', 'Solid performance', 'satisfactory performance', 'third quarter', 'backlog growth', 'previous quarter', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Q3 2023 sales', 'Company', '30 September', 'segments', 'Revenue', 'June', 'track', 'tax', '9M', 'range', 'Group', 'history', 'confidence', 'achievement', 'advantage', 'position', 'enabler', 'contracts', 'subsidiaries', 'letter', 'tenderers', 'plants', 'Lavrio', 'Serifos', 'phase', 'Greece', '170km', 'UK', 'HOPS', 'low', 'Central', 'Balkans', 'categories', 'levels', 'pipelines', 'Chevron', 'Shell', 'Equinor', 'DESFA', '2022']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781543/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8319 £ 23.9031 Estimated MTD return 1.19 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.38 % -2.14 % Estimated ITD return 168.32 % 139.03 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7278 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9946The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-names-winner-of-its-2023-Community-Impact-Award-45375294/,Wolters Kluwer names winner of its 2023 Community Impact Award,(marketscreener.com) Bristol County Savings Bank honored at 27th Annual CRA & Fair Lending Colloquiumhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-names-winner-of-its-2023-Community-Impact-Award-45375294/?utm_medium=RSS…,"Communiqué officiel de WOLTERS KLUWERBristol County Savings Bank honored at 27th Annual CRA & Fair Lending ColloquiumWolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions has named Massachusetts-based Bristol County Savings Bank (BCSB) the winner of its 2023 Community Impact Award. The announcement was made at the company's 27th annual CRA & Fair Lending Colloquium held Nov. 12-15 at the JW Marriot in Austin  Texas. The Community Impact Award stands as a testament to the innovation and unwavering commitment shown by institutions in their work with underserved communities. Award winners demonstrate the creativity  impact  and economic sustainability of their community reinvestment programs.Bristol County Savings Bank was recognized for its program  ""Equity Investment Program: Joint partnership with Pawtucket Central Falls Development (PCF Development)."" This initiative provides affordable housing in low- and moderate-income areas in the cities of Pawtucket and Central Falls  Rhode Island that have faced a severe shortage of affordable housing  a common issue in many cities across the country.BCSB's initial investment grew into the creative use of funding to underwrite several initiatives  including establishing a joint venture focused on acquiring area real estate on behalf of a woman-led non-profit that excels in creating safe and affordable homes and apartments.""So far  we've funded three investments  totaling $750 000  showcasing its unique structure and the collaborative efforts of our team  the Board  and non-profit partners"" said Ann-Marie Lefebvre  CRA Officer for Bristol County Savings Bank. One of these investments  directed towards PCF Development  assisted with the acquisition and renovation of a 14-unit apartment building and converting the units into affordable condominium units for sale to first-time home buyers  with preference given to current renters. In addition to the equity investment  BCSB offered first-time home buyer seminars and designed a customized mortgage program  which spurred the origination of 12 of the 14 mortgages in this project alone.“Together  PCF Development and Bristol County Savings Bank have taken an innovative approach to tackle the challenge of affordable housing  and we are proud to say that our efforts have resulted in successful homeownership for first-time buyers who were previously priced out of the market ” said Linda Weisinger  Executive Director for Pawtucket Central Falls Development. “Through our partnership  we were able to provide resources and support to create a program that has made a real impact in the lives of community residents. We believe in the power of community and collaboration  and this partnership is a testament to what can be achieved when we work together towards a common goal.”As one award judge noted  ""Not only is Bristol County Savings Bank investing funds into these programs  but it is also reinvesting their returns back into the program. The program is showing true impact in this community.""""In a time when affordable housing options for families are at a premium  Bristol County Savings Bank has demonstrated true innovation  developing a program that generates dividends from project income  then reinvesting those dividends as grants to partner organizations "" said Vikram Savkar  Executive Vice President and General Manager for Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions. ""It is this kind of innovation  coupled with the power of partnerships  which is helping lenders like Bristol County Savings Bank create a pathway to homeownership that would not otherwise be possible.""The Community Impact Award is sponsored by Banzai Inc.  which provides financial literacy education at no cost for schools  parents  sponsors  and businesses.""A key component in achieving the American Dream is financial literacy. This skill ensures that community reinvestment continues to provide economic growth and a positive financial return "" said Jake Finlinson  Vice President of Sales for Banzai Inc.For more information  please visit Wolters Kluwer's CRA & Fair Lending Colloquium website.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  X  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231116541101/en/",neutral,0.24,0.74,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.38,0.26,True,English,"['2023 Community Impact Award', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'winner', 'Massachusetts-based Bristol County Savings Bank', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'first-time home buyer seminars', 'Fair Lending Colloquium website', 'Pawtucket Central Falls Development', 'The Community Impact Award', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'one award judge', '14-unit apartment building', 'first-time home buyers', 'A key component', 'deep domain knowledge', 'area real estate', '2023 Community Impact Award', 'positive financial return', '27th Annual CRA', 'financial literacy education', 'affordable housing options', 'customized mortgage program', 'Executive Vice President', 'affordable condominium units', 'community reinvestment programs', 'Equity Investment Program', 'first-time buyers', 'corporate compliance', 'expert solutions', 'Award winners', 'real impact', 'PCF Development', 'true impact', '2022 annual revenues', 'Executive Director', 'community residents', 'initial investment', 'affordable homes', 'CRA Officer', 'Communiqué officiel', 'JW Marriot', 'unwavering commitment', 'underserved communities', 'economic sustainability', 'moderate-income areas', 'Rhode Island', 'severe shortage', 'common issue', 'creative use', 'several initiatives', 'joint venture', 'woman-led non-profit', 'unique structure', 'non-profit partners', 'Ann-Marie Lefebvre', 'current renters', 'innovative approach', 'Linda Weisinger', 'common goal', 'partner organizations', 'Vikram Savkar', 'General Manager', 'Banzai Inc.', 'American Dream', 'economic growth', 'Jake Finlinson', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', 'source version', 'many cities', 'three investments', 'collaborative efforts', 'successful homeownership', 'project income', 'Joint partnership', 'true innovation', 'BCSB', 'announcement', 'company', 'Austin', 'Texas', 'testament', 'institutions', 'work', 'creativity', 'country', 'funding', 'behalf', 'safe', 'apartments', 'team', 'Board', 'acquisition', 'renovation', 'sale', 'preference', 'addition', 'origination', '14 mortgages', 'challenge', 'market', 'resources', 'support', 'lives', 'power', 'collaboration', 'funds', 'returns', 'families', 'premium', 'dividends', 'grants', 'kind', 'partnerships', 'lenders', 'pathway', 'cost', 'schools', 'parents', 'sponsors', 'businesses', 'skill', 'information', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', 'news']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781542/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8319 £ 23.9031 Estimated MTD return 1.19 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.38 % -2.14 % Estimated ITD return 168.32 % 139.03 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7278 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9946The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/16/public-storage-nysepsa-insider-sells-98148-00-in-stock/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Insider Sells $98 148.00 in Stock,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the tr…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through this hyperlink.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock opened at $260.59 on Thursday. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $233.18 and a 52 week high of $316.48. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $45.82 billion  a P/E ratio of 23.89  a PEG ratio of 2.98 and a beta of 0.50. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $259.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $277.03.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The business had revenue of $1.14 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. During the same period in the prior year  the business posted $4.13 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Sell-side analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.74 EPS for the current year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementHedge Funds Weigh In On Public StorageThe company also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  December 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.60%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday  December 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 109.99%.Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 2.3% during the 1st quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 627 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $492 000 after purchasing an additional 36 shares during the last quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 2.3% during the 1st quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC now owns 1 678 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $655 000 after purchasing an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Flputnam Investment Management Co. boosted its stake in Public Storage by 4.6% during the 1st quarter. Flputnam Investment Management Co. now owns 859 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $260 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Windham Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Public Storage by 4.6% during the 1st quarter. Windham Capital Management LLC now owns 856 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $259 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Resources Investment Advisors LLC. boosted its stake in Public Storage by 3.7% during the 1st quarter. Resources Investment Advisors LLC. now owns 1 066 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $322 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPSA has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. Truist Financial reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 31st. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target on the stock. Finally  StockNews.com assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $299.83.Check Out Our Latest Research Report on PSAPublic Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Insider', 'Stock', 'real estate investment trust', 'Flputnam Investment Management Co.', 'Windham Capital Management LLC', 'Resources Investment Advisors LLC', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'PSA Public Storage Company Profile', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Kinneret Advisory LLC', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent research reports', 'equal weight” rating', 'Three research analysts', 'Latest Research Report', 'other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'average price target', 'Get Free Report', 'dividend payout ratio', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Truist Financial', 'average rating', '$250.00 price target', '$305.00 price target', '$270.00 price target', 'analysts’ expectations', 'Sell-side analysts', 'quarterly dividend', 'research note', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Exchange Commission', 'market capitalization', 'net margin', 'same period', 'prior year', 'current year', 'Hedge Funds', 'ex-dividend date', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Wells Fargo', 'StockNews.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'same quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', 'quarterly revenue', 'NYSE:PSA', 'equity ratio', 'additional 36 shares', 'additional 37 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'total transaction', '4.13 earnings', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '1,627 shares', '1,678 shares', '859 shares', '856 shares', '1,066 shares', 'insider', 'Friday', 'November', 'sale', 'filing', 'Securities', 'hyperlink', 'Thursday', '52 week', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Monday', 'October', 'EPS', 'return', 'business', 'December', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Tuesday', 'DPR', 'changes', 'positions', 'stake', 'Downgrades', 'topic', 'number', 'coverage', 'September', 'Saturday', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', '34.', '45.']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,etfdailynews.com
32843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781555/0/en/PARROT-2023-THIRD-QUARTER-BUSINESS.html,PARROT: 2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS,PRESS RELEASE        November 16  2023  8:00am CET  2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS  The Parrot group  European leader for professional...,PRESS RELEASENovember 16  2023  8:00am CET2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESSThe Parrot group  European leader for professional microdrones  recorded €15.1m of consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2023  down -31% from the third quarter of 2022  which represented a high basis for comparison. For the first nine months of 2023  consolidated revenues show a year-on-year contraction of -11%. This level of business is in line with the guidance published on October 4  2023  following deferrals of significant microdrone equipment orders or deliveries to the first half of 2024.REVENUES(€m and % of revenues) Q3 20233 months Q3 2022*3 months Change 9 months 2023 9 months 2022 Change Professional microdrones 8.0 53% 13.9 63% -42% 23.5 29.3 -20% Photogrammetry 7.1 47% 8.1 37% -11% 23.3 23.2 +1% Parrot SA 0.2 - 0.3 - 0.4 0.6 - Intragroup eliminations -0.2 - -0.3 - -0.5 -0.6 - TOTAL CONSOLIDATED REVENUES 15.1 100% 21.9 100% -31% 46.7 52.4 -11%* Q3 2022 revenues also included €0.5m generated by the legacy consumer products.Professional microdrones businessThe professional microdrones business generated €8.0m of revenues  representing 53% of Group revenues (-42% at constant exchange rates). Revenues for the third quarter of 2022 included significant deliveries for defense and security institutions  as well as €0.5m of legacy consumer product sales and €1.1m of non-recurring controller sales.Looking beyond the slowdown linked to the general economic climate  the level of business does not reflect the robust commercial development of ANAFI USA  with order renewals received from major clients and particularly defense forces in France  Finland  Belgium and Luxembourg  as well as a significant contribution by various American federal agencies. This is illustrated by the limited contraction of -9% for ANAFI USA sales this quarter. The sustained level of tenders is being supported by the launch of new drone programs in certain countries  with significant ambitions for growth from the first half of 2024.Photogrammetry businessThe photogrammetry business generated €7.1m of revenues  representing 47% of Group revenues (-9% at constant exchange rates). Over the period  in a context in which many sectors are slowing down their investments  sales of the seven most recent business solutions and related accessories were not yet sufficient to offset the gradual downturn in sales of legacy solutions.Sales are expected to improve in the fourth quarter. In addition  the effective savings measures rolled out are expected to enable operations to break even from the last quarter of 2023.OutlookThe Group is able to confirm the outlook for 2023 published on October 4  2023  with full-year consolidated revenues of at least €60m for 2023  compared with €71.9m in 2022  down by around 16%  taking into account the Group’s two business lines (photogrammetry solutions and microdrones).During the second quarter of 2023  the Group rolled out various measures to reduce its cash consumption pending an expected significant upturn in growth in the first half of 2024.Next financial date2023 consolidated earnings: Monday  March 18  2024 (before the market)ABOUT THE PARROT GROUPParrot is Europe's leading commercial microUAV group. With a strong international presence  the Group designs  develops and markets a complementary range of micro-UAV equipment and image analysis software (photogrammetry) dedicated to companies  large groups and government organizations. Its offer is mainly centered on three vertical markets: (i) Defense and Security  (ii) Inspection  3D mapping and Geomatics  (iii) and Precision agriculture.Its ANAFI range of microUAVs  recognized for their performance  robustness and ease of use  features an open source architecture and meets the highest cybersecurity standards. Its Pix4D photogrammetry software suite for mobile and drone mapping is based on advanced technical expertise and offers solutions tailored to the specificities of the verticals it addresses.The Parrot Group  founded in 1994 by Henri Seydoux its Chairman  CEO and main shareholders  designs and develops its products in Europe  and is headquartered in Paris. Today  it has over 500 employees worldwide and carries out the vast majority of its sales internationally. Parrot has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2006 (FR0004038263 - PARRO). For more information: www.parrot.com  www.pix4d.comCONTACTSInvestors  analysts  financial mediaMarie Calleux - T.: +33 1 48 03 60 60parrot@calyptus.net Tech & corporate mediaChris Roberts - T.: +33 1 48 03 60 60pr@parrot.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.28,0.39,True,English,"['2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'PARROT', 'seven most recent business solutions', 'various American federal agencies', 'leading commercial microUAV group', 'significant microdrone equipment orders', 'legacy consumer product sales', 'Pix4D photogrammetry software suite', 'robust commercial development', 'image analysis software', 'constant exchange rates', 'general economic climate', 'strong international presence', 'three vertical markets', 'open source architecture', 'highest cybersecurity standards', 'advanced technical expertise', 'legacy consumer products', 'new drone programs', 'effective savings measures', 'Next financial date', 'two business lines', 'non-recurring controller sales', 'TOTAL CONSOLIDATED REVENUES', 'full-year consolidated revenues', 'Professional microdrones business', 'first nine months', 'ANAFI USA sales', 'The Parrot group', 'legacy solutions', 'various measures', 'micro-UAV equipment', 'The Group', 'photogrammetry solutions', 'drone mapping', 'financial media', '2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'Photogrammetry business', 'significant contribution', 'significant ambitions', 'significant upturn', '2023 consolidated earnings', 'ANAFI range', 'first half', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'European leader', 'third quarter', 'high basis', 'year contraction', 'Intragroup eliminations', 'order renewals', 'major clients', 'limited contraction', 'many sectors', 'related accessories', 'gradual downturn', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'cash consumption', 'complementary range', 'large groups', 'government organizations', '3D mapping', 'Henri Seydoux', 'main shareholders', 'vast majority', 'Marie Calleux', 'corporate media', 'Chris Roberts', 'Group revenues', 'significant deliveries', 'Parrot SA', 'security institutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'defense forces', 'sustained level', 'Q3 2022 revenues', '3 months Change', '9 months', 'November', 'CET', 'comparison', 'guidance', 'October', 'deferrals', 'slowdown', 'France', 'Finland', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'tenders', 'launch', 'countries', 'growth', 'period', 'context', 'investments', 'addition', 'operations', 'Outlook', 'account', 'Monday', 'March', 'companies', 'offer', 'Inspection', 'Geomatics', 'Precision', 'agriculture', 'microUAVs', 'performance', 'robustness', 'use', 'mobile', 'specificities', 'verticals', 'Chairman', 'CEO', '500 employees', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'Investors', 'analysts', 'T.', 'calyptus', 'Attachment', '8:00', '2024', '1']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARROT-17496/news/PARROT-2023-THIRD-QUARTER-BUSINESS-45368589/,PARROT: 2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS -November 16  2023 at 02:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com)         PRESS RELEASE        November 16  2023  8:00am CET 2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS The Parrot group  European leader for professional microdrones  recorded €15.1m of consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2023  down -31% from t…,Communiqué officiel de PARROTPRESS RELEASENovember 16  2023  8:00am CET2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESSThe Parrot group  European leader for professional microdrones  recorded €15.1m of consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2023  down -31% from the third quarter of 2022  which represented a high basis for comparison. For the first nine months of 2023  consolidated revenues show a year-on-year contraction of -11%. This level of business is in line with the guidance published on October 4  2023  following deferrals of significant microdrone equipment orders or deliveries to the first half of 2024.REVENUES(€m and % of revenues) Q3 20233 months Q3 2022*3 months Change 9 months 2023 9 months 2022 Change Professional microdrones 8.0 53% 13.9 63% -42% 23.5 29.3 -20% Photogrammetry 7.1 47% 8.1 37% -11% 23.3 23.2 +1% Parrot SA 0.2 - 0.3 - 0.4 0.6 - Intragroup eliminations -0.2 - -0.3 - -0.5 -0.6 - TOTAL CONSOLIDATED REVENUES 15.1 100% 21.9 100% -31% 46.7 52.4 -11%* Q3 2022 revenues also included €0.5m generated by the legacy consumer products.Professional microdrones businessThe professional microdrones business generated €8.0m of revenues  representing 53% of Group revenues (-42% at constant exchange rates). Revenues for the third quarter of 2022 included significant deliveries for defense and security institutions  as well as €0.5m of legacy consumer product sales and €1.1m of non-recurring controller sales.Looking beyond the slowdown linked to the general economic climate  the level of business does not reflect the robust commercial development of ANAFI USA  with order renewals received from major clients and particularly defense forces in France  Finland  Belgium and Luxembourg  as well as a significant contribution by various American federal agencies. This is illustrated by the limited contraction of -9% for ANAFI USA sales this quarter. The sustained level of tenders is being supported by the launch of new drone programs in certain countries  with significant ambitions for growth from the first half of 2024.Photogrammetry businessThe photogrammetry business generated €7.1m of revenues  representing 47% of Group revenues (-9% at constant exchange rates). Over the period  in a context in which many sectors are slowing down their investments  sales of the seven most recent business solutions and related accessories were not yet sufficient to offset the gradual downturn in sales of legacy solutions.Sales are expected to improve in the fourth quarter. In addition  the effective savings measures rolled out are expected to enable operations to break even from the last quarter of 2023.OutlookThe Group is able to confirm the outlook for 2023 published on October 4  2023  with full-year consolidated revenues of at least €60m for 2023  compared with €71.9m in 2022  down by around 16%  taking into account the Group’s two business lines (photogrammetry solutions and microdrones).During the second quarter of 2023  the Group rolled out various measures to reduce its cash consumption pending an expected significant upturn in growth in the first half of 2024.Next financial date2023 consolidated earnings: Monday  March 18  2024 (before the market)ABOUT THE PARROT GROUPParrot is Europe's leading commercial microUAV group. With a strong international presence  the Group designs  develops and markets a complementary range of micro-UAV equipment and image analysis software (photogrammetry) dedicated to companies  large groups and government organizations. Its offer is mainly centered on three vertical markets: (i) Defense and Security  (ii) Inspection  3D mapping and Geomatics  (iii) and Precision agriculture.Its ANAFI range of microUAVs  recognized for their performance  robustness and ease of use  features an open source architecture and meets the highest cybersecurity standards. Its Pix4D photogrammetry software suite for mobile and drone mapping is based on advanced technical expertise and offers solutions tailored to the specificities of the verticals it addresses.The Parrot Group  founded in 1994 by Henri Seydoux its Chairman  CEO and main shareholders  designs and develops its products in Europe  and is headquartered in Paris. Today  it has over 500 employees worldwide and carries out the vast majority of its sales internationally. Parrot has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2006 (FR0004038263 - PARRO). For more information: www.parrot.com  www.pix4d.comCONTACTSInvestors  analysts  financial mediaMarie Calleux - T.: +33 1 48 03 60 60parrot@calyptus.net Tech & corporate mediaChris Roberts - T.: +33 1 48 03 60 60pr@parrot.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.19,0.45,True,English,"['THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'PARROT', 'November', '2023', 'seven most recent business solutions', 'various American federal agencies', 'leading commercial microUAV group', 'significant microdrone equipment orders', 'legacy consumer product sales', 'Pix4D photogrammetry software suite', 'robust commercial development', 'image analysis software', 'constant exchange rates', 'general economic climate', 'strong international presence', 'three vertical markets', 'open source architecture', 'highest cybersecurity standards', 'advanced technical expertise', 'legacy consumer products', 'new drone programs', 'effective savings measures', 'Next financial date', 'two business lines', 'non-recurring controller sales', 'TOTAL CONSOLIDATED REVENUES', 'full-year consolidated revenues', 'Professional microdrones business', 'first nine months', 'ANAFI USA sales', 'The Parrot group', 'legacy solutions', 'various measures', 'micro-UAV equipment', 'The Group', 'photogrammetry solutions', 'drone mapping', 'financial media', '2023 THIRD-QUARTER BUSINESS', 'Photogrammetry business', 'significant contribution', 'significant ambitions', 'significant upturn', '2023 consolidated earnings', 'ANAFI range', 'first half', 'Communiqué officiel', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'European leader', 'third quarter', 'high basis', 'year contraction', 'Intragroup eliminations', 'order renewals', 'major clients', 'limited contraction', 'many sectors', 'related accessories', 'gradual downturn', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'cash consumption', 'complementary range', 'large groups', 'government organizations', '3D mapping', 'Henri Seydoux', 'main shareholders', 'vast majority', 'Marie Calleux', 'corporate media', 'Chris Roberts', 'Group revenues', 'significant deliveries', 'Parrot SA', 'security institutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'defense forces', 'sustained level', 'Q3 2022 revenues', '3 months Change', '9 months', 'November', 'CET', 'comparison', 'guidance', 'October', 'deferrals', 'slowdown', 'France', 'Finland', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'tenders', 'launch', 'countries', 'growth', 'period', 'context', 'investments', 'addition', 'operations', 'Outlook', 'account', 'Monday', 'March', 'companies', 'offer', 'Inspection', 'Geomatics', 'Precision', 'agriculture', 'microUAVs', 'performance', 'robustness', 'use', 'mobile', 'specificities', 'verticals', 'Chairman', 'CEO', '500 employees', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'Investors', 'analysts', 'T.', 'calyptus', 'Attachment', '8:00', '1']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45368379/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 16  2023 at 01:32 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"Communiqué officiel de BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8319 £ 23.9031 Estimated MTD return 1.19 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.38 % -2.14 % Estimated ITD return 168.32 % 139.03 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7278 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9946The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'Communiqué officiel', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45368358/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 16  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"Communiqué officiel de BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8319 £ 23.9031 Estimated MTD return 1.19 % 1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.38 % -2.14 % Estimated ITD return 168.32 % 139.03 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.03 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.7278 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.9946The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'Communiqué officiel', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/16/clarius-group-llc-sells-81-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Clarius Group LLC Sells 81 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Clarius Group LLC lessened its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 3.1% in the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 2 …,Clarius Group LLC lessened its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 3.1% in the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 2 564 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 81 shares during the period. Clarius Group LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $748 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 2.3% during the first quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 627 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $492 000 after buying an additional 36 shares in the last quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 2.3% in the first quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC now owns 1 678 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $655 000 after purchasing an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Resources Investment Advisors LLC. raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 3.7% in the first quarter. Resources Investment Advisors LLC. now owns 1 066 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $322 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Merit Financial Group LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 1.0% in the second quarter. Merit Financial Group LLC now owns 4 173 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 218 000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Lincoln National Corp boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 1.3% during the second quarter. Lincoln National Corp now owns 3 216 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $939 000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider ActivityIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC  which is accessible through the SEC website. 10.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of NYSE PSA traded up $0.13 during midday trading on Thursday  hitting $260.72. 107 716 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 946 322. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $45.85 billion  a PE ratio of 23.89  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.98 and a beta of 0.50. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $316.48. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $259.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $277.03.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The company had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year  the firm earned $4.13 earnings per share. As a group  analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  December 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.60%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday  December 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 109.99%.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral brokerages have commented on PSA. Morgan Stanley started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. The Goldman Sachs Group assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  September 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price target for the company. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price target on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. Truist Financial reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price objective on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 31st. Finally  StockNews.com started coverage on Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Get Our Latest Research Report on PSAPublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Clarius Group LLC', 'Public Storage', '81 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'real estate investment trust', 'Resources Investment Advisors LLC', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Merit Financial Group LLC', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Clarius Group LLC', 'Kinneret Advisory LLC', 'Lincoln National Corp', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent 13F filing', 'other institutional investors', 'equal weight” rating', 'recent reporting period', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage alerts', 'current fiscal year', 'quarterly earnings data', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Truist Financial', 'average volume', 'Several brokerages', 'current ratio', '$250.00 price target', '$310.00 price target', '$305.00 price obj', 'legal filing', 'quarterly dividend', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'quick ratio', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'related news', 'midday trading', 'market capitalization', 'consensus estimate', 'analyst estimates', 'net margin', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'annualized basis', 'dividend yield', 'ex-dividend date', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'research note', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'equity ratio', 'SEC website', '12 month low', 'additional 36 shares', 'additional 37 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'Insider Activity', 'total transaction', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'company insiders', '$12.00 dividend', '4.13 earnings', '16.74 earnings', '2,564 shares', '81 shares', '1,627 shares', '1,678 shares', '1,066 shares', '4,173 shares', '3,216 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '107,716 shares', 'position', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'Friday', 'November', 'completion', 'sale', 'Thursday', 'debt', 'firm', 'beta', 'Monday', 'October', 'revenue', 'return', 'analysts', 'December', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Tuesday', 'Downgrades', 'coverage', 'September']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,etfdailynews.com
32848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Econocom-launches-its-new-strategic-plan-One-econocom--45368485/,"Econocom Group Se : Econocom launches its new strategic plan "" One econocom "" -November 16  2023 at 01:50 am EST",(marketscreener.com)  Press release REGULATED INFORMATION16 November 2023Econocom launches its new strategic plan« One econocom »On the occasion of today's Capital Markets Day in Brussels  Econocom presents its new strategic plan for the period 2024-20…,"Communiqué officiel de ECONOCOM GROUP SEPress releaseREGULATED INFORMATION16 November 2023Econocom launches its new strategic plan« One econocom »On the occasion of today's Capital Markets Day in Brussels  Econocom presents its new strategic plan for the period 2024-2028  This plan  called One econocom  marks the end of the group's refocusing and stabilization period with key markers for the next five years:· A market for workplace  audiovisual  infrastructure and networks expected to grow steadily;· An acceleration in deploying end-to-end offerings covering all customer needs for digital assets;· A clear roadmap to onboard all internal teams around ambitious targets;· A standalone financed plan to reach €4 billion in revenues  double the net income and reduce the net financial debt by 2028Following the years 2019-2023 marked by a transformation of the group and a refocusing on its core business lines and strategic geographies  Econocom aims to return to robust growth trajectory and strengthen its value proposition to meet the new challenges of its customers in the areas of the digital workplace  audiovisual systems and infrastructure and networks.An average total growth target of 8% per year to reach €4 billion in 2028The group will primarily focus on organic growth with the development of solutions in future segments (audiovisual  digital signage  etc.)  the deployment of end-to-end offers including distribution  finance leasing and related services or strengthening responsible digital through the refurbishment and extension of the life of digital assets.Econocom revised its initial €5 billion 2028 revenue forecast  which included a larger share of external growth. The One econocom plan  which aims to reach €4 billion in revenues in 2028  includes approximately €400 million in income from future acquisitions and is fully financed without the need for additional capital raising.A strategic vision based on strengthening synergies and creating value for customersEconocom intends to become the first partner of companies and administrations  by covering from end to end the needs concerning access to essential digital assets including:- design and modernization of the work environment (through collaboration and video conferencing solutions) and the IT architecture that underpins this environment (with the adoption of secure hybrid cloud models);- the distribution of new or reconditioned equipment (workstation  audiovisual  infrastructure and IT network) and associated software applications  through a wide catalogue integrating many services (digitalization  order management  storage  customization  logistics  delivery  installation);- innovative and tailor-made leasing solutions  alternatives to capex investment  including optimization of the asset lifecycle and their environmental footprint;- support for users with dedicated service desk  on-site support and maintenance  operational maintenance and continuous security of IT infrastructures and networks;- end-of-life management of devices  including management of their return  erasure of data and their recycling and repackaging where appropriate.With recognized expertise in each of these businesses  through its historical expertise and more recent acquisitions  Econocom aims to accelerate the development of synergies on the horizon of its 2024-2028 strategic plan to promote growth and increase profitability with a view to achieving an operating margin of more than 5% in 2028  and to double net income. This performance will be accompanied by a decrease in net financial debt  due to the strong organic growth component of the plan  and thanks to a solid generation of free cash flowIn parallel  the group will intensify its extra-financial performance initiatives over the duration of the plan with a particular focus on repairability and lengthening the life of customers' digital assets  on reducing its carbon footprint and strengthening equal opportunities for all its employees. With this in mind  Econocom aims to achieve the platinum level of Ecovadis® Sustainability Rating by 2028.Objectives achievable through clearly identified leversIn order to carry out its strategic plan  the group will rely on several growth levers that will allow it to increase its market share with new customers and increase revenue with existing ones.The group will intensify its recruitment and training efforts within its sales teams to strengthen the coverage of its target geographies and improve commercial efficiency.Econocom will also expand its solution offering to further integrate the “As-a-Service” component that allows customers to enjoy a seamless experience based on value-added services.Synergies between solutions and geographies will also be strengthened to enable an accelerated deployment of the group's expertise. As a leading company in Europe  Econocom is ideally positioned to provide harmonized solutions to customers with multi-country presence and needs  which represents a strong lever of differentiation from local competition.Finally  Econocom will continue its targeted M&A program in geographic areas where the group needs to increase its critical size or strengthen certain expertise.Jean-Louis Bouchard  Chairman and CEO of Econocom says  ""Together with the Board of Directors and the management team  I am very pleased to open a new chapter in the history of Econocom  with a resolutely growth-oriented ambition. Our vision for the group is to become a key European player in the workplace  audiovisual and infrastructure sectors by adopting a comprehensive and end-to-end approach to our customers' needs. We will intensify our efforts to strengthen their support from the design of their environments to the recycling of end-of-life assets. By capitalizing on our talents  synergies between the Group's businesses and the growth of sales teams  we will increase the attractiveness of our offers and promote cross-selling throughout Europe. It is all united that we will succeed in this new plan that we call One econocom.”ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and TwitterInvestor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWtrZ8dvZZmZnnFxlZWZbZOUZpmTxpOdaZPLlGlvl5yZaG+VyWxnbZ2aZnFjnmls- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82946-econocom-cp-strategic-plan-one-econocom-gb_def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['new strategic plan', 'Econocom Group Se', 'One econocom', 'November', '01:50', 'secure hybrid cloud models', 'initial €5 billion 2028 revenue forecast', 'average total growth target', 'strong organic growth component', 'Capital Markets Day', 'core business lines', 'additional capital raising', 'associated software applications', 'free cash flow', 'Ecovadis® Sustainability Rating', 'robust growth trajectory', 'net financial debt', 'standalone financed plan', 'next five years', 'video conferencing solutions', 'dedicated service desk', 'extra-financial performance initiatives', 'essential digital assets', '2024-2028 strategic plan', 'several growth levers', 'tailor-made leasing solutions', 'new strategic plan', ""customers' digital assets"", 'One econocom plan', 'ECONOCOM GROUP SE', 'strong lever', 'external growth', 'target geographies', 'finance leasing', 'strategic vision', 'digital workplace', 'digital signage', 'new challenges', 'net income', 'strategic geographies', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Press release', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'key markers', 'clear roadmap', 'internal teams', 'ambitious targets', 'future segments', 'related services', 'larger share', 'future acquisitions', 'first partner', 'IT architecture', 'reconditioned equipment', 'IT network', 'wide catalogue', 'many services', 'asset lifecycle', 'environmental footprint', 'continuous security', 'IT infrastructures', 'recent acquisitions', 'operating margin', 'solid generation', 'particular focus', 'carbon footprint', 'equal opportunities', 'platinum level', 'training efforts', 'sales teams', 'commercial efficiency', 'seamless experience', 'value-added services', 'leading company', 'harmonized solutions', 'multi-country presence', 'local competition', 'new customers', 'stabilization period', 'value proposition', 'audiovisual systems', 'work environment', 'site support', 'operational maintenance', 'market share', 'accelerated deployment', 'customer needs', 'historical expertise', 'end offerings', 'end offers', 'order management', 'life management', 'audiovisual, infrastructure', 'occasion', 'today', 'Brussels', 'refocusing', 'networks', 'acceleration', 'revenues', 'transformation', 'areas', 'development', 'distribution', 'responsible', 'refurbishment', 'extension', 'The', 'synergies', 'companies', 'administrations', 'access', 'design', 'modernization', 'collaboration', 'adoption', 'workstation', 'digitalization', 'storage', 'customization', 'logistics', 'delivery', 'installation', 'innovative', 'alternatives', 'investment', 'optimization', 'users', 'devices', 'return', 'erasure', 'data', 'recycling', 'repackaging', 'businesses', 'horizon', 'profitability', 'view', 'double', 'decrease', 'parallel', 'duration', 'repairability', 'employees', 'mind', 'Objectives', 'existing', 'recruitment', 'coverage', 'Europe', 'differentiation']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCADIS-NV-6328/news/Arcadis-presents-its-2024-2026-Strategy-Accelerating-a-Planet-Positive-Future-45367862/,Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 Strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future -November 16  2023 at 12:00 am EST,"(marketscreener.com)   You have not accepted cookies yet   here."" data-statistics=""This content is blocked. Please accept statistics cookies. You can do this here."">This content is blocked. Please accept marketing cookies. You can do this here.     …","o Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future  with three strategic focus areas:Sustainable project choicesDigital + human innovationPowered by our peopleo Supported by strong tailwinds from climate change & decarbonization  urbanism & social communities  evolving supply chains and infrastructure investmento Key strategic targets include:Mid to high single digit annualized net organic revenue growthOperating EBITA margin of at least 12.5% in 2026Dividend pay-out ratio of 30 to 40% of Net Income from OperationsScope 1 and 2 reduction of 70% GHG emissions by 2026 and Scope 3 reduction of 45% GHG emissions by 2029>40% women in the workforceAmsterdam 16 November  2023 - Today Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the leading global Design & Consultancy organization for natural and built assets  announced its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future.Alan Brookes  CEO Arcadis  said: ""Over the last three years  Arcadis has undergone a remarkable transformation  successfully delivering our strategic objectives. We are now excited to present our 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future. This is supported by strong demand tailwinds and focused on key growth markets and making deliberate choices towards projects that align with our strategic ambitions and where we can most effectively deploy our knowledge and innovative solutions. We plan to further increase our successful Key Clients program and will evolve our commercial models to reflect our changing role with clients and further improve profitability. We have clear plans for operational efficiencies by doubling the relative contribution of our Global Excellence Centers in projects  tightening our business pursuit criteria and processes  realizing synergies  and continuing our successful standardization and automation program. In delivering our strategic ambitions  our people are critical and we will invest in a Skills Powered Organisation by continuing to grow the skills of our people to address the client needs of the future. This comprehensive approach gives me real confidence that we will deliver on our strategy set out today  while Accelerating a Planet Positive Future for all.""DELIVERY ON 2021-2023 STRATEGY: ""MAXIMIZING IMPACT""Over the last 3 years  Arcadis has implemented its ""Maximizing Impact"" strategy by implementing a Global Business Area (GBA) structure  investing in Global Excellence Centers (GECs) and repositioning its business through portfolio optimization and the acquisitions of Arcadis IBI and Arcadis DPS.Through the implementation of its strategy  Arcadis has successfully delivered on its financial targets  with an annualized organic net revenue growth of 7% and a year-to-date 2023 operating EBITA margin in excess of 10%. Arcadis also largely delivered on its key non-financial targets. This creates a solid foundation for the future and the next strategic cycle.2024-2026 STRATEGY: ""ACCELERATING A PLANET POSITIVE FUTURE""Building on its 2021-2023 ""Maximizing Impact"" strategy  Arcadis' 2024-2026 strategy is focused on Accelerating a Planet Positive Future by addressing clients' needs as they pursue their objectives including decarbonization  electrification and the transition towards renewable energy sources  the onshoring of advanced industrial facilities  the need to replace and upgrade existing infrastructure whilst moving to smarter  more efficient and cleaner modes of transportation.These trends are driving demand across global markets  particularly in North America and Europe  in areas where Arcadis has leading positions. In addition  by combining AI and the use of data and with deep asset knowledge  Arcadis can help clients repurpose and improve their assets. Arcadis is ideally positioned to make a positive difference. Building on a strong 2021-2023 foundation  Arcadis will Accelerate a Planet Positive Future through the delivery of the following three strategic priorities:Sustainable Project ChoicesArcadis will focus on projects that contribute to its strategic ambition  making deliberate bidding choices that reflect Arcadis values and economic criteria as well as increasing the robustness of project selection processes. In addition  expanding the successful Key Client Program will be a key element of this strategy to drive growth and increase the potential for margin improvement. The company will also increase its focus on opportunities to cross sell between its Global Business Areas delivering further operating leverage.Digital + Human InnovationArcadis will build on its digital leadership  including through its Intelligence GBA  providing innovative technology-enabled solutions and products across the entire asset lifecycle. Arcadis will continue to invest in new digital products and expand its offering to provide even greater value to clients through asset optimization and efficiency savings. Within its own operations  Arcadis will accelerate implementation of digitalization  standardization and automation of operating procedures  reducing non-billable hours and driving efficiencies.Powered by PeopleArcadis will continue to develop and invest in its people by creating a Skills Powered Organization that will provide its people the skills to address future client needs and deliver improved workforce efficiency This involves enhancing people development and career paths through prioritizing continuous learning  expertise  and adaptability among its people with initiatives such as the Arcadis Energy Transition Academy. It will also enable an optimized allocation of resources and skills to projects as required. In addition  Arcadis will reinforce its GEC organization  increase GEC recruitment and explore new locations for further growth to enable it to double the contribution of its GECs to the total billable hours of its projects.FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis targets mid-high single digit organic annualized net revenue growth for 2024- 26 and aims to further improve operating EBITA margin to at least 12.5% in 2026. Arcadis will also maintain a balanced capital allocation framework  including a commitment to a dividend pay-out ratio of 30% to 40% of Net Income from Operations and to retain its Investment Grade credit rating  with a target leverage ratio of 1.5-2.5x Net Debt / Operating EBITDA.NON-FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis embeds sustainable values into all client solutions  business operations  and people and community programs. The company is developing new client methodologies and tools to measure sustainability across five core themes - Carbon  Nature  Water  Circularity and Social Impact. Over the next strategy cycle Arcadis commits to a 70% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2026 and a 45% reduction in Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2029. The company also aims to remain in the top 25% of the professional services sector for employee satisfaction  as measured by Employee Net Promotor Score  and targets to improve gender diversity with over 40% of people across the organization to be female.Arcadis is well-positioned to continue its journey of profitable growth  sustainability  and innovation as it strives to accelerate a planet positive future. The Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy update will be presented today during a Capital Markets Day in London.INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine Disch | +31(0)615376020 | christine.disch@arcadis.comCORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSChris Wiggan | +44(0)7966404889 | chris.wiggan@arcadis.com",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['2024-2026 Strategy', 'Positive Future', 'Arcadis', 'Planet', 'November', '12:00', 'high single digit annualized net organic revenue growth', 'annualized organic net revenue growth', 'successful Key Client Program', 'successful Key Clients program', 'three strategic focus areas', '2021-2023 ""Maximizing Impact"" strategy', 'key growth markets', 'Dividend pay-out ratio', 'renewable energy sources', 'advanced industrial facilities', 'three strategic priorities', 'Global Excellence Centers', 'key non-financial targets', 'Sustainable project choices', 'entire asset lifecycle', 'next strategic cycle', 'Key strategic targets', 'leading global Design', 'last three years', 'Global Business Area', 'deliberate bidding choices', 'Operating EBITA margin', 'strong 2021-2023 foundation', 'business pursuit criteria', 'Skills Powered Organisation', 'project selection processes', 'innovative technology-enabled solutions', 'deep asset knowledge', 'Planet Positive Future', 'strong demand tailwinds', 'Net Income', 'new digital products', 'global markets', 'deliberate choices', 'strong tailwinds', 'key element', 'innovative solutions', 'client needs', 'last 3 years', '2021-2023 STRATEGY', 'successful standardization', 'automation program', 'margin improvement', 'asset optimization', 'strategic ambitions', 'positive difference', 'solid foundation', 'leading positions', 'economic criteria', 'operating leverage', 'operating procedures', 'strategic objectives', 'human innovation', 'climate change', 'social communities', 'supply chains', 'infrastructure investment', 'Mid to', '70% GHG emissions', '45% GHG emissions', 'Consultancy organization', 'Alan Brookes', 'remarkable transformation', 'commercial models', 'changing role', 'clear plans', 'operational efficiencies', 'relative contribution', 'comprehensive approach', 'real confidence', 'GBA) structure', 'portfolio optimization', 'existing infrastructure', 'cleaner modes', 'North America', 'Intelligence GBA', 'greater value', 'efficiency savings', 'non-billable hou', '2024-2026 strategy', ""clients' needs"", 'digital leadership', 'built assets', 'o Arcadis', 'Today Arcadis', 'Arcadis IBI', 'Arcadis DPS', 'Arcadis values', 'people', 'decarbonization', 'urbanism', 'Operations', 'Scope 1', '2 reduction', '>40% women', 'workforce', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'projects', 'profitability', 'synergies', 'DELIVERY', 'GECs', 'acquisitions', 'implementation', 'date', 'excess', 'electrification', 'transition', 'onshoring', 'efficient', 'transportation', 'trends', 'Europe', 'addition', 'use', 'data', 'following', 'robustness', 'potential', 'company', 'opportunities', 'offering', 'digitalization']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781750/0/en/argenx-Announces-European-Commission-Approval-of-Subcutaneous-VYVGART-efgartigimod-alfa-for-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis.html,argenx Announces European Commission Approval of Subcutaneous VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa) for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,VYVGART® is now approved for both intravenous (IV) and self-administered subcutaneous (SC) use in Europe    argenx is committed to continued...,"VYVGART® is now approved for both intravenous (IV) and self-administered subcutaneous (SC) use in Europeargenx is committed to continued collaboration with local authorities across the region to enable broad access to VYVGART SC for eligible patientsAmsterdam  The Netherlands— November 16  2023 —argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that the European Commission (EC) approved SC injectable VYVGART (efgartigimod alfa) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive. The EC previously approved VYVGART IV in August 2022 . Following this decision  VYVGART is now approved in Europe for both IV and self-administered SC use. The approval is applicable to all 27 European Union (EU) Member States plus Iceland  Norway and Liechtenstein. argenx will work with local health authorities to secure patient access for VYVGART SC in the region.“Today’s approval reflects our commitment to providing a choice of effective  innovative therapies to people with autoimmune disease. We are proud to deliver this second formulation to the European gMG community  just 15 months after the initial approval of VYVGART IV ” said Anant Murthy  General Manager of argenx EMEA. “The availability of two formulations  including the possibility for patients to self-administer at home  allows people living with gMG to choose the treatment that best works for their lifestyle  further reinforcing the individualized treatment approach offered by VYVGART.”The EC approval follows a positive recommendation from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) and is based on positive results from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study. ADAPT-SC established the efficacy of VYVGART SC by demonstrating a reduction in anti-AChR antibody levels comparable to VYVGART IV in adult gMG patients. ADAPT-SC was a bridging study to the Phase 3 ADAPT study  which formed the basis for approval of VYVGART IV in Europe in August 2022.About Phase 3 ADAPT-SC TrialThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a multicenter  randomized  open-label  parallel-group study evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of VYVGART SC compared with VYVGART IV in adult patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect was measured by percent change from baseline for both total IgG and AChR autoantibody levels at day 29. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed. A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive VYVGART IV or SC for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at once-weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle. At the completion of ADAPT-SC  patients had the opportunity to roll-over to ADAPT-SC+  an open-label extension study.About VYVGART® SCVYVGART SC is a SC injectable formulation of efgartigimod alfa  a human IgG1 antibody fragment marketed for intravenous use as VYVGART. It is formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology  to facilitate SC injection delivery of biologics. In binding to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  VYVGART results in the reduction of circulating IgG autoantibodies. VYVGART SC was approved in the United States in June 2023 and is marketed as VYVGART® Hytrulo.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben PetokBpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)ARoy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)LElton@argenx.comForward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""aims "" “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” “should ” or ""commitment"" and include statements argenx makes concerning the approval by the European Commission (EC) of SC injectable VYVGART™ (efgartigimod alfa) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and argenx’s commitment to collaborating with local authorities across the European Union to enable broad access to VYVGART for eligible patients for both IV and self-administered SC use. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including but not limited to argenx’s expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with development of novel drug therapies  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements; the acceptance of our products and product candidates by our patients as safe  effective and cost-effective  and the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.34,0.21,True,English,"['European Commission Approval', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'Subcutaneous VYVGART®', 'efgartigimod alfa', 'argenx', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group study', '27 European Union (EU) Member States', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'administered subcutaneous (SC) use', 'open-label extension study', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'effective, innovative therapies', 'life-threatening muscle weakness', 'leading academic researchers', 'SC injection delivery', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'anti-AChR antibody levels', 'Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'human IgG1 antibody', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'chronic autoimmune disease', 'global immunology company', 'total study duration', 'AChR autoantibody levels', 'local health authorities', 'European gMG community', 'individualized treatment approach', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'SC injectable formulation', 'one treatment cycle', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'SC injectable VYVGART', 'total gMG population', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'Human Use', 'adult gMG patients', 'United States', 'European Commission', 'bridging study', 'local authorities', 'AChR) antibody', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'anti-acetylcholine receptor', 'second formulation', 'AChR antibodies', 'The Company', 'total IgG', 'intravenous use', 'VYVGART SC', 'VYVGART® SC', 'continued collaboration', 'broad access', 'standard therapy', 'patient access', 'Anant Murthy', 'General Manager', 'two formulations', 'positive recommendation', 'Medicinal Products', 'positive results', 'percent change', 'North America', 'four doses', 'weekly intervals', 'IgG autoantibodies', 'world-class portfolio', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Ben Petok', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'adult patients', 'VYVGART® Hytrulo', 'eligible patients', 'efgartigimod alfa', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'The Netherlands', 'VYVGART IV', 'clinical efficacy', 'seven weeks', 'FcRn) blocker', 'initial approval', 'The EC', 'argenx SE', 'argenx EMEA', 'EC approval', '12 weeks', 'region', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'add', 'August', 'decision', 'Iceland', 'Norway', 'Liechtenstein', 'commitment', 'choice', 'availability', 'possibility', 'home', 'lifestyle', 'Committee', 'CHMP', 'reduction', 'basis', 'noninferiority', 'baseline', 'day', 'Safety', 'immunogenicity', 'pharmacokinetics', 'PK', 'Japan', '1:1 ratio', 'follow-up', 'completion', 'opportunity', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'biologics', 'binding', 'June', 'rare', 'communication', 'nerves', 'muscles', 'debilitating', '24 months', 'IIP', 'first', 'Israel', 'UK', 'Canada', 'China', 'information', 'Media', 'Bpetok', 'Investors', 'ARoy', 'LElton', 'contents', 'announcement']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Reports-Q3-Business-Update-and-Year-To-Date-Highlights-45368362/,ONWARD® Reports Q3 Business Update and Year-To-Date Highlights,(marketscreener.com) EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Nov. 16  2023 -- Completing activities required for ARC-EX® FDA submission     Expanded HemON Study as precursor to ARC-IM® Empower BP pivotal study     First-in-human use of ARC-IM BCI for upper limbs     Pote…,Communiqué officiel de ONWARD MEDICAL N.V.EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Nov. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Completing activities required for ARC-EX® FDA submissionExpanded HemON Study as precursor to ARC-IM® Empower BP pivotal studyFirst-in-human use of ARC-IM BCI for upper limbsPotential for ARC Therapy™ to improve mobility after Parkinson’s diseasepublished in Nature MedicineONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today provided a third quarter 2023 business update.“We remain focused on completing activities required to submit an FDA de novo application for clearance of our ARC-EX System in the first half of 2024 ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “In the meantime we achieved several additional milestones in Q3  including the first-in-human implant of our ARC-IM Neurostimulator paired with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to restore thought-driven movement in the fingers  hands  and arms and the expansion of our HemON clinical feasibility study. HemON will investigate use of the ARC-IM System to provide hemodynamic stability after SCI and is a precursor to our planned global pivotal study called Empower BP  which we expect to commence in the second half of next year. A recent Nature Medicine publication revealed the exciting potential to expand ARC-IM Therapy into the large  adjacent Parkinson’s disease market.”Q3 and Year-To-Date Highlights:Clinical and DevelopmentIn August 2023  the Company marked the first-in-human implant of its ARC-IM Neurostimulator to restore upper extremity function after SCI. The study participant also received a wireless brain-computer interface (BCI)  designed to initiate thought-driven movement when paired with ARC-IM. ONWARD ARC-IM delivers targeted  programmed ARC-IM Therapy to the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions after SCI. To date  ARC-IM Therapy has been applied across multiple clinical feasibility studies to restore mobility or stabilize blood pressure after SCI.In September  the Company expanded its HemON clinical feasibility study to assess the safety and effectiveness of the ARC-IM System to improve blood pressure regulation after SCI with the addition of Sint Maartenskliniek in Nijmegen  the Netherlands as a study site. The first participant at this site was implanted in September 2023. Expanding this clinical feasibility study prepares the company for expected 2H 2024 initiation of a global pivotal trial  called Empower BP  which is being designed to provide the evidence necessary to submit a pre-market approval (PMA) application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other global regulatory bodies.In November  the Company announced a publication in Nature Medicine highlighting the potential for ONWARD ARC Therapy to address gait challenges related to Parkinson’s disease. The study participant described in the publication has been living with Parkinson’s disease for nearly three decades. He has a severe gait disorder that has not responded to conventional therapies. After the introduction of ARC Therapy and benefitting from several weeks of rehabilitation  the participant was able to walk without previously noticeable gait interruptions.Also in November  ONWARD research partner .NeuroRestore was awarded a $1 million grant from The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research (MJFF) to implant the Company’s ARC-IM System and investigate the effect of ARC Therapy in six additional participants with Parkinson’s disease. This study will assist ONWARD in determining whether to conduct additional clinical trials and potentially commercialize ARC Therapy in the future for those living with Parkinson’s disease.The Company was issued 33 new patents during Q3 2023  bringing its total number of issued patents to more than 230 and issued or pending patents to more than 390  further strengthening its first-mover advantage.CommercialIn September  the Company announced a partnership with Lovell Government Services (Lovell)  a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). Lovell is a government vendor and third-party logistics provider partnering with more than one hundred US healthcare providers. The two-year distribution agreement provides ONWARD access to the United States Veterans Health Administration  the world’s largest healthcare system providing spinal cord injury care  and the US Department of Defense Military Health System  the world's largest military healthcare provider.Corporate and FinancialThe Company reported cash and cash equivalents of EUR 36.8 million as of September 30  2023  and reiterated its guidance of expected cash runway through the end of 2024.Outlook:ONWARD expects to continue steady and consistent execution of its strategy in through 2024 with the achievement of the following milestones:The Company plans to submit a de novo application for FDA clearance of the ARC-EX System in 2024  with US launch expected in the second half of next year. This would be the Company’s first commercial offering.Based on positive feedback from potential customers on the value of the ARC-EX System  expected to be the first-ever external spinal cord stimulation therapy to restore hand and arm function after SCI  the Company anticipates a list price of USD 30 000. In addition  the Company expects to supplement revenue by offering tiered service packages.The Company also continues to prepare for its global pivotal clinical study  called Empower BP  to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of its implantable ARC-IM System to address blood pressure instability after SCI. This study is expected to begin enrollment in the second half of 2024.Concurrent with publication in a peer-reviewed journal  the Company expects to announce more detailed results from its Up-LIFT pivotal study in 2024. The Company has already announced that the study met both primary safety and effectiveness endpoints and that 72% of participants responded to ARC-EX. A responder was defined as meeting or exceeding the minimally important difference criteria for at least one strength outcome and at least one functional performance outcome.The Company expects to gain additional clinical data and experience with its implantable ARC-IM System in 2024  with several implants planned with support from the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research and several implants planned in combination with an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI) with support from the European Innovation Council.The Company reaffirmed its expected cash runway through the end of 2024 and will look for efficient ways to further strengthen its balance sheet in the coming months.Conference Call & WebcastONWARD will host a conference call with a live webcast today  November 16  2023  at 2:00 pm CET / 8:00 am ET. The webcast may be accessed on the Financial Information page of the Company’s website. A replay of the webcast also will be available on the ONWARD website.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.*All ONWARD devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  alone or in combination with BCI  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic stability following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.39,0.35,True,English,"['Q3 Business Update', 'ONWARD® Reports', 'Date Highlights', 'Year', 'United States Veterans Health Administration', 'The Michael J. Fox Foundation', 'one hundred US healthcare providers', 'ARC-IM® Empower BP pivotal study', 'third quarter 2023 business update', 'Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business', 'largest military healthcare provider', 'Defense Military Health System', 'multiple clinical feasibility studies', 'other global regulatory bodies', 'ONWARD MEDICAL N.V', 'spinal cord injury care', 'FDA de novo application', 'HemON clinical feasibility study', 'recent Nature Medicine publication', 'global pivotal trial', 'largest healthcare system', 'global pivotal study', 'third-party logistics provider', 'additional clinical trials', 'six additional participants', 'two-year distribution agreement', 'severe gait disorder', 'noticeable gait interruptions', 'medical technology company', 'several additional milestones', 'wireless brain-computer interface', 'blood pressure regulation', 'ARC-EX® FDA submission', 'upper extremity function', 'ONWARD research partner', 'Lovell Government Services', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy', 'HemON Study', 'Drug Administration', 'other functions', 'PMA) application', 'ARC-EX System', 'US Food', 'US Department', 'US launch', 'gait challenges', 'ARC-IM System', 'study participant', 'upper limbs', 'ONWARD ARC-IM', 'several weeks', 'government vendor', 'following milestones', 'ONWARD access', 'ARC Therapy™', 'study site', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'The Company', 'ARC-IM Neurostimulator', 'Communiqué officiel', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'first half', 'Dave Marver', 'human implant', 'hemodynamic stability', 'second half', 'Sint Maartenskliniek', '2H 2024 initiation', 'pre-market approval', 'three decades', 'conventional therapies', '$1 million grant', 'total number', 'first-mover advantage', 'consistent execution', 'FDA clearance', 'next ye', 'first participant', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'Completing activities', 'human use', 'ARC-IM BCI', 'thought-driven movement', 'Date Highlights', 'exciting potential', '33 new patents', 'disease market', 'adjacent Parkinson', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'precursor', 'mobility', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'SCI', 'CEO', 'meantime', 'fingers', 'hands', 'arms', 'expansion', 'Q3', 'Development', 'August', 'September', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'Nijmegen', 'evidence', 'November', 'introduction', 'rehabilitation', 'NeuroRestore', 'MJFF', 'future', 'Commercial', 'partnership', 'SDVOSB', 'world', 'Corporate', 'Financial', 'guidance', 'Outlook', 'steady', 'strategy', 'achievement']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2782116/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – October 2023 monthly report  NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE...,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – October 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  16 November 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for October 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance posted another positive monthly performance in October 2023 (+0.5%) bringing the YTD performance to 19.1%.As Portfolio Managers  we always try to think outside the box and implement our views in order to optimize returns whilst keeping enough flexibility to face “exogenous shocks” should they arise. The breakout of an unexpected full-blown conflict in the Middle-East had – and still has – grounds to embody such an event as its implications may send shockwaves far beyond the peninsula. In the meantime  we were also conscious of the mixed economic indicators released worldwide as on one side the US and China displayed favorable GDP growth numbers hinting to a recovery in terms of consumer spending while on the other side Europe was facing stagnant growth outlooks amid fiscal concerns. The trajectory of the Leveraged Loan Index (ELLI) was dictated by those elements  it peaked at 96.7% in late September then retraced to 95.0% by mid-October. Following the dovish stance from the Fed post data release  it rebounded and closed at 95.4% on the 1st of November. The price moves on CLO debt tranches were down  unsurprisingly: the average USD CLO BB tranche price moved from 88.9% in September to 87.7% in October (JPM CLO Index).Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: -2.2% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +0.8% for CLO Equity tranches  -0.3% for CLO Debt tranches and +5% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS. No real impact of FX in October (long USD vs. EUR)  with a contribution – although positive – of only +0.1% in terms of performance.In terms of activity  we remain invested in two US CLO warehouses while the European warehouse stake will be converted imminently into the CLO’s Equity tranche as well as the Single-B. For the reminder  the warehouse’s IRR is expected in the 20% and the overall investment above 15% IRR. Our trading actions were skewed towards buyers of Risk as we deployed the proceeds of the asset sales implemented last month to buy c. Eur 10mm of low mezzanine risk – spread across five individual tickets. As market widened and offered opportunities fit for Volta Finance’s target return  we believe the entry point was right.As of end of October 2023  Volta’s NAV was €239.4m  i.e. €6.54 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 5.95% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as of the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.55% as of 31 September 2023  0.40% as of 30 June 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.25,0.52,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', 'average USD CLO BB tranche price', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'favorable GDP growth numbers', 'François Touati francois', 'Fed post data release', 'underlying sub asset classes', 'two US CLO warehouses', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'stagnant growth outlooks', 'unexpected full-blown conflict', 'mixed economic indicators', 'Leveraged Loan Index', 'CLO debt tranches', 'JPM CLO Index', 'five individual tickets', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'similar asset classes', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'diversified investment strategy', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'European warehouse stake', 'low mezzanine risk', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'positive monthly performance', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'structured finance assets', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'date NAV information', 'October 2023 monthly report', 'long USD', 'asset sales', 'Portfolio Managers', 'overall investment', 'month-end date', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'Investment objectives', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'enough flexibility', 'exogenous shocks', 'one side', 'consumer spending', 'other side', 'fiscal concerns', 'dovish stance', 'monthly performances', 'real impact', 'trading actions', 'target return', 'entry point', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'YTD performance', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'period ends', 'quarterly basis', 'The Company', 'late September', 'Main Market', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', '31 September', 'VTA', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '16 November', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'box', 'views', 'order', 'returns', 'breakout', 'Middle-East', 'grounds', 'event', 'implications', 'shockwaves', 'peninsula', 'meantime', 'China', 'recovery', 'terms', 'trajectory', 'ELLI', 'elements', 'mid-October', '1st', 'ABS', 'FX', 'contribution', 'Single-B', 'reminder', 'IRR', 'buyers', 'proceeds', 'c.', '10mm', 'opportunities', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'fund', '30 June', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'dividends', 'exposure', '95.', '44']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2782092/0/en/On-World-Toilet-Day-JCDecaux-spotlights-the-San-Francisco-AmeniPODS-the-efficient-and-award-winning-self-cleaning-public-toilets.html,On World Toilet Day  JCDecaux spotlights the San Francisco “AmeniPODS”  the efficient and award-winning self-cleaning public toilets,On World Toilet Day  JCDecaux spotlights the San Francisco “AmeniPODS”  the efficient and award-winning self-cleaning public toilets      Paris ...,On World Toilet Day  JCDecaux spotlights the San Francisco “AmeniPODS”  the efficient and award-winning self-cleaning public toiletsParis  November 16th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that its new San Francisco public toilets  known as “AmeniPODS”  are reshaping the face of the City with more efficient and effective models and an award-winning design  following their first installation a year ago.A new generation of public amenities in San Francisco.As an inventor  designer  and operator of San Francisco’s fully accessible self-cleaning toilets  JCDecaux recognises that public toilets are an indispensable service  built to enhance the quality of urban life for the general public and city visitors. While it is a great responsibility to operate and maintain public toilet facilities  it has been equally fulfilling and a pleasure to serve the public for so many years. Through its close collaboration with the City and County of San Francisco and the SmithGroup team  JCDecaux developed a unique  award-winning high-tech design that reflects the vibrant streets of San Francisco. JCDecaux’s maintenance team is dedicated to ensuring these essential hygiene services remain safe  clean and accessible to all. The program is financed through advertising revenue generated by multi-function advertising kiosks.An award-winning design from SmithGroup.SmithGroup  a national design firm with a robust San Francisco office  was chosen to redesign the public toilets and multi-function advertising kiosks. The contemporary and elegant design  developed in partnership with JCDecaux  then reviewed and approved by the San Francisco Arts Commission and the City’s Historic Preservation Commission  has received prominent awards over the past several months:Metropolis – 2023 Planet Positive Awards – Innovation category – Best Social Impact: The AmeniPODS were named as a winner in the Metropolis' Planet Positive Awards  underlining the progress being made towards designing a sustainable and equitable future and creating an inclusive environment.The AmeniPODS were named as a winner in the Metropolis' Planet Positive Awards  underlining the progress being made towards designing a sustainable and equitable future and creating an inclusive environment. Fast Company – 2023 Innovation by Design Awards – Urban Design category : the San Francisco public toilets were named as a finalist in this prestigious program which celebrates the designers and businesses solving the most crucial problems of today and anticipating the pressing issues of tomorrow.: the San Francisco public toilets were named as a finalist in this prestigious program which celebrates the designers and businesses solving the most crucial problems of today and anticipating the pressing issues of tomorrow. Metal Architecture – 2023 Metal Architecture Design Awards : The new generation of public amenities received a Judges Award in the 2023 Metal Architecture Design Awards for being cleaner  safer  more durable and visually compelling  designed to meet the needs of the 21st century urban environment.JCDecaux: over 40 years of innovation for self-cleaning public toilets.Ever since JCDecaux installed the first self-cleaning toilets in Paris in 1981  the company has consistently innovated by developing a complete ecosystem. The Group has created eco-designed  high-performance furniture which integrates patented solutions (automatic washing and disinfection of the toilet)  rigorous processes and integrated teams dedicated to operations and maintenance  providing a high-quality service 24 hours a day  365 days a year. JCDecaux’s Design Office  based in Plaisir  Les Yvelines (France)  continually develops new features to make life easier for city residents and visitors  and accessible to all. In 1993  the self-cleaning toilet became accessible to people with reduced mobility. Voice instructions were made available in several languages  as well as in braille. In 2006  the service became free in Paris  leading to a huge increase in usage. In 2020  JCDecaux developed a urinal module  which can be added to an existing toilet. This increases the availability of the main toilet while also significantly increasing its daily capacity. After the first lockdown  drinking water fountains and hand sanitizer dispensers were installed outside the self-cleaning toilets  transforming them into multi-service hygiene points  unlike any other in today’s urban environment.JCDecaux operates over 2 500 self-cleaning toilets in 28 countries  used by almost 31 million people every year  including the world’s two largest automatic public toilet contracts:In Paris  the 435 new generation public self-cleaning toilets  which will be rolled out between 2024 and the beginning of 2025  will increase access to the service in the capital making it the largest network of public self-cleaning toilets in any city worldwide In Berlin  the Group won in 2018 the world’s second largest automatic public toilet contract and today operates 278 new generation toilets in the German capital.JCDecaux’s street furniture and associated services are designed to evolve with their environment and their needs and are an integral part of the global urban landscape.Bill Katz  Design Principal with SmithGroup  said: “The AmeniPODS are unique to San Francisco  with a design that blends sculpture and technology to create a cleaner  safer and more hygienic experience. With their modeled stainless-steel surface  they literally reflect our diverse city neighborhoods and their deep-rooted history while creating sculptural street furniture. With a clear awareness of the importance of these public amenities in our urban environment  the SmithGroup team set out to make these updated street furniture elements more accessible and approachable through their design and appearance.”J-Francois Nion  Chief Operating Officer of JCDecaux San Francisco  said: “We are excited to be working collaboratively with both San Francisco Public Works and the project team from SmithGroup. Together we have developed the next generation of street amenities that will better serve San Franciscans and visitors alike supported by a strong maintenance program. Since the installation of the first AmeniPODS on November 2022  over 21 000 flushes have been registered and all the older units will be replaced in the next few years.”Jean-François Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux  said: “When JCDecaux invented the self-cleaning toilet in 1980  this showed the vision and pioneering approach of the company and importantly started a revolution in access to hygiene facilities in urban areas. We are proud to reiterate our long-standing commitment to San Francisco to supply best-in-class public toilet facilities  and the awards show the importance of their presence in the city. Our continual innovation is enabling cities across the world to meet the challenges of providing access to safe sanitation and hygiene – a fundamental human right that is highlighted on World Toilet Day 2023 on 19th November. Across the world  we must continue our efforts to achieve the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 6  ensuring access to clean water and sanitation by 2030 which includes universal access to safe toilets.”About SmithGroupSmithGroup (www.smithgroup.com/) is one of the world’s preeminent integrated design firms. Working across a network of 20 offices in the U.S. and China  a team of 1 300 experts is committed to excellence in strategy  design and delivery. The scale of the firm’s thinking and organization produces partnerships with forward-looking clients that maximize opportunities  minimize risk and solve their most complex problems. SmithGroup creates exceptional design solutions for cultural and higher education institutions  science and technology organizations  healthcare  urban environments  diverse workplaces  mixed-use and waterfront developments  and parks and open spaces.About JCDecauxJCDecaux – a French family-owned company founded in 1964 and the No.1 outdoor advertising company worldwide – is committed to improve the quality of life for people wherever they live  work and travel by offering innovative  sustainable street furniture and services that are meeting citizens’ expectations and financed by brands and their advertisement. With a presence in more than 80 countries  JCDecaux is the only company in the world to operate exclusively in the outdoor advertising sector and to develop all of its activities: street furniture  transport advertising and billboards. For almost 60 years  the products and services offered to cities by JCDecaux have been considered the benchmark for quality  aesthetics and functionality. As a sustainable media in contact with more than 850 million people every day and true to its mission of improving the quality of life for all citizens  JCDecaux enhances and promotes responsible outdoor advertising and places social and environmental quality at the core of its solutions and its business. Since 2023  JCDecaux is an official partner of the UN Joint SDG Fund  supporting the Sustainable Development Goals across its Group.For more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['award-winning self-cleaning public toilets', 'World Toilet Day', 'San Francisco “AmeniPODS', 'JCDecaux', 'efficient', 'two largest automatic public toilet contracts', 'second largest automatic public toilet contract', 'new San Francisco public toilets', '435 new generation public self-cleaning toilets', 'San Francisco Arts Commission', 'unique, award-winning high-tech design', ""Metropolis' Planet Positive Awards"", 'robust San Francisco office', 'one outdoor advertising company', '21st century urban environment', '2023 Metal Architecture Design Awards', 'award-winning self-cleaning public toilets', '2023 Planet Positive Awards', 'public toilet facilities', 'Historic Preservation Commission', 'accessible self-cleaning toilets', 'essential hygiene services', 'multi-function advertising kiosks', 'Best Social Impact', 'drinking water fountains', 'hand sanitizer dispensers', 'multi-service hygiene points', 'national design firm', 'first self-cleaning toilets', 'past several months', 'San Francisco “AmeniPODS', 'Urban Design category', 'World Toilet Day', 'automatic washing', 'largest network', '2,500 self-cleaning toilets', 'award-winning design', 'Design Office', 'public amenities', 'general public', 'prominent awards', 'existing toilet', 'main toilet', 'advertising revenue', 'new features', 'elegant design', 'inclusive environment', 'several languages', 'first installation', 'Fast Company', 'first lockdown', 'urban life', 'effective models', 'great responsibility', 'close collaboration', 'vibrant streets', 'The AmeniPODS', 'equitable future', 'crucial problems', 'pressing issues', 'Judges Award', 'complete ecosystem', 'high-performance furniture', 'patented solutions', 'rigorous processes', 'integrated teams', 'Les Yvelines', 'reduced mobility', 'Voice instructions', 'huge increase', 'urinal module', 'daily capacity', 'Innovation category', 'prestigious program', 'indispensable service', 'many years', 'maintenance team', 'The Group', 'high-quality service', '31 million people', 'SmithGroup team', 'city residents', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux SE', '278 new', 'city visitors', '40 years', '2023 Innovation', 'efficient', '16th', 'number', 'face', 'inventor', 'designer', 'operator', 'pleasure', 'County', 'contemporary', 'partnership', 'winner', 'progress', 'sustainable', 'finalist', 'businesses', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'needs', 'disinfection', 'operations', 'Plaisir', 'France', 'braille', 'usage', 'availability', '28 countries', 'beginning', 'capital', 'Berlin']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781534/0/en/Arcadis-2024-2026-Strategy-Accelerating-a-Planet-Positive-Future.html,Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future,Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 Strategy:Accelerating a Planet Positive Future              Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a...,Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 Strategy:Accelerating a Planet Positive FutureArcadis presents its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future  with three strategic focus areas: Sustainable project choices Digital + human innovation Powered by our peopleSupported by strong tailwinds from climate change & decarbonization  urbanism & social communities  evolving supply chains and infrastructure investmentKey strategic targets include: Mid to high single digit annualized net organic revenue growth Operating EBITA margin of at least 12.5% in 2026 Dividend pay-out ratio of 30 to 40% of Net Income from Operations Scope 1 and 2 reduction of 70% GHG emissions by 2026 and Scope 3 reduction of 45% GHG emissions by 2029 >40% women in the workforceAmsterdam 16 November  2023 – Today Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the leading global Design & Consultancy organization for natural and built assets  announced its 2024–2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future.Alan Brookes  CEO Arcadis  said: “Over the last three years  Arcadis has undergone a remarkable transformation  successfully delivering our strategic objectives. We are now excited to present our 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future. This is supported by strong demand tailwinds and focused on key growth markets and making deliberate choices towards projects that align with our strategic ambitions and where we can most effectively deploy our knowledge and innovative solutions. We plan to further increase our successful Key Clients program and will evolve our commercial models to reflect our changing role with clients and further improve profitability. We have clear plans for operational efficiencies by doubling the relative contribution of our Global Excellence Centers in projects  tightening our business pursuit criteria and processes  realizing synergies  and continuing our successful standardization and automation program. In delivering our strategic ambitions  our people are critical and we will invest in a Skills Powered Organisation by continuing to grow the skills of our people to address the client needs of the future. This comprehensive approach gives me real confidence that we will deliver on our strategy set out today  while Accelerating a Planet Positive Future for all.”DELIVERY ON 2021-2023 STRATEGY: “MAXIMIZING IMPACT”Over the last 3 years  Arcadis has implemented its “Maximizing Impact” strategy by implementing a Global Business Area (GBA) structure  investing in Global Excellence Centers (GECs) and repositioning its business through portfolio optimization and the acquisitions of Arcadis IBI and Arcadis DPS.Through the implementation of its strategy  Arcadis has successfully delivered on its financial targets  with an annualized organic net revenue growth of 7% and a year-to-date 2023 operating EBITA margin in excess of 10%. Arcadis also largely delivered on its key non-financial targets. This creates a solid foundation for the future and the next strategic cycle.2024-2026 STRATEGY: “ACCELERATING A PLANET POSITIVE FUTURE”Building on its 2021-2023 “Maximizing Impact” strategy  Arcadis’ 2024–2026 strategy is focused on Accelerating a Planet Positive Future by addressing clients’ needs as they pursue their objectives including decarbonization  electrification and the transition towards renewable energy sources  the onshoring of advanced industrial facilities  the need to replace and upgrade existing infrastructure whilst moving to smarter  more efficient and cleaner modes of transportation.These trends are driving demand across global markets  particularly in North America and Europe  in areas where Arcadis has leading positions. In addition  by combining AI and the use of data and with deep asset knowledge  Arcadis can help clients repurpose and improve their assets. Arcadis is ideally positioned to make a positive difference. Building on a strong 2021-2023 foundation  Arcadis will Accelerate a Planet Positive Future through the delivery of the following three strategic priorities:Sustainable Project ChoicesArcadis will focus on projects that contribute to its strategic ambition  making deliberate bidding choices that reflect Arcadis values and economic criteria as well as increasing the robustness of project selection processes. In addition  expanding the successful Key Client Program will be a key element of this strategy to drive growth and increase the potential for margin improvement. The company will also increase its focus on opportunities to cross sell between its Global Business Areas delivering further operating leverage.Digital + Human InnovationArcadis will build on its digital leadership  including through its Intelligence GBA  providing innovative technology-enabled solutions and products across the entire asset lifecycle. Arcadis will continue to invest in new digital products and expand its offering to provide even greater value to clients through asset optimization and efficiency savings. Within its own operations  Arcadis will accelerate implementation of digitalization  standardization and automation of operating procedures  reducing non-billable hours and driving efficiencies.Powered by PeopleArcadis will continue to develop and invest in its people by creating a Skills Powered Organization that will provide its people the skills to address future client needs and deliver improved workforce efficiency This involves enhancing people development and career paths through prioritizing continuous learning  expertise  and adaptability among its people with initiatives such as the Arcadis Energy Transition Academy. It will also enable an optimized allocation of resources and skills to projects as required. In addition  Arcadis will reinforce its GEC organization  increase GEC recruitment and explore new locations for further growth to enable it to double the contribution of its GECs to the total billable hours of its projects.FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis targets mid-high single digit organic annualized net revenue growth for 2024–2026 and aims to further improve operating EBITA margin to at least 12.5% in 2026. Arcadis will also maintain a balanced capital allocation framework  including a commitment to a dividend pay-out ratio of 30% to 40% of Net Income from Operations and to retain its Investment Grade credit rating  with a target leverage ratio of 1.5-2.5x Net Debt / Operating EBITDA.NON-FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis embeds sustainable values into all client solutions  business operations  and people and community programs. The company is developing new client methodologies and tools to measure sustainability across five core themes - Carbon  Nature  Water  Circularity and Social Impact. Over the next strategy cycle Arcadis commits to a 70% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2026 and a 45% reduction in Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2029. The company also aims to remain in the top 25% of the professional services sector for employee satisfaction  as measured by Employee Net Promotor Score  and targets to improve gender diversity with over 40% of people across the organization to be female.Arcadis is well-positioned to continue its journey of profitable growth  sustainability  and innovation as it strives to accelerate a planet positive future. The Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy update will be presented today during a Capital Markets Day in London.INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine Disch | +31(0)615376020 | christine.disch@arcadis.comCORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSChris Wiggan | +44(0)7966404889 | chris.wiggan@arcadis.comANALYST PRESENTATIONArcadis 2024-2026 Strategy “Accelerating a Planet Positive Future” will be presented and live streamed at 14.00 hours CET  for registration please follow the link: https://strategy.arcadis.com/registration-virtual-event/More information can be found on the strategy microsite: https://www.arcadis.com/en/investors/capital-markets-dayAnalyst presentation: https://www.arcadis.com/en/investors/publications-and-presentations---download-center#search-download-center_downloadyear=2023ABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the leading global design & consultancy organization for natural and built assets. We maximize impact for our clients and the communities they serve by providing effective solutions through sustainable outcomes  focus and scale  and digitalization. We are 36 000 people  active in more than 70 countries that generate €4.0 billion in gross revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.comREGULATED INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies or may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7.1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSStatements included in this press release that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives  other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance  or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and are not guarantees. Actual events or the results of our operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “could”  “intend”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “estimate”  “believe”  “continue”  “predict”  “potential” or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  plans  estimates  assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to  among other things  future economic  competitive and market conditions and future business decisions  all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.Attachments,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy', 'Planet Positive Future', 'high single digit annualized net organic revenue growth', 'annualized organic net revenue growth', 'successful Key Client Program', 'successful Key Clients program', 'three strategic focus areas', 'key growth markets', '2026 Dividend pay-out ratio', 'renewable energy sources', 'advanced industrial facilities', 'three strategic priorities', 'Global Excellence Centers', 'key non-financial targets', 'Sustainable project choices', 'entire asset lifecycle', 'next strategic cycle', 'Key strategic targets', 'leading global Design', 'last three years', 'Global Business Area', 'Operating EBITA margin', 'deliberate bidding choices', 'business pursuit criteria', 'Skills Powered Organisation', 'project selection processes', 'innovative technology-enabled solutions', 'deep asset knowledge', 'strong 2021-2023 foundation', 'Planet Positive Future', 'strong demand tailwinds', 'Maximizing Impact” strategy', 'Net Income', 'new digital products', 'successful standardization', 'automation program', 'global markets', 'deliberate choices', 'strong tailwinds', 'key element', 'innovative solutions', 'client needs', 'last 3 years', 'positive difference', 'margin improvement', 'operating leverage', 'asset optimization', 'strategic ambitions', 'solid foundation', 'leading positions', 'economic criteria', '2021-2023 STRATEGY', 'strategic objectives', 'human innovation', 'climate change', 'social communities', 'supply chains', 'infrastructure investment', 'Mid to', '70% GHG emissions', '45% GHG emissions', 'Consultancy organization', 'Alan Brookes', 'remarkable transformation', 'commercial models', 'changing role', 'clear plans', 'operational efficiencies', 'relative contribution', 'comprehensive approach', 'real confidence', 'GBA) structure', 'portfolio optimization', 'existing infrastructure', 'cleaner modes', 'North America', 'Intelligence GBA', 'greater value', 'efficiency savings', 'clients’ needs', '2024-2026 Strategy', 'digital leadership', 'built assets', 'Today Arcadis', 'CEO Arcadis', 'Arcadis IBI', 'Arcadis DPS', 'Arcadis values', 'Arcadis’ 2024–2026 strategy', 'people', 'decarbonization', 'urbanism', 'Operations', 'Scope', '2 reduction', '2029 >40% women', 'workforce', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'projects', 'profitability', 'synergies', 'DELIVERY', 'GECs', 'acquisitions', 'implementation', 'date', 'excess', 'electrification', 'transition', 'onshoring', 'efficient', 'transportation', 'trends', 'Europe', 'addition', 'use', 'data', 'following', 'robustness', 'potential', 'company', 'opportunities', 'offering', 'digitalization']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARCADIS-NV-6328/news/Arcadis-2024-2026-Strategy-Accelerating-a-Planet-Positive-Future-45368134/,Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future -November 16  2023 at 01:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 Strategy:Accelerating a Planet Positive Future Arcadis presents its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future  with three strategic focus areas: Sustainable project choices  Digital + human i…,Communiqué officiel de ARCADIS NVArcadis presents its 2024-2026 Strategy:Accelerating a Planet Positive FutureArcadis presents its 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future  with three strategic focus areas: Sustainable project choices Digital + human innovation Powered by our peopleSupported by strong tailwinds from climate change & decarbonization  urbanism & social communities  evolving supply chains and infrastructure investmentKey strategic targets include: Mid to high single digit annualized net organic revenue growth Operating EBITA margin of at least 12.5% in 2026 Dividend pay-out ratio of 30 to 40% of Net Income from Operations Scope 1 and 2 reduction of 70% GHG emissions by 2026 and Scope 3 reduction of 45% GHG emissions by 2029 >40% women in the workforceAmsterdam 16 November  2023 – Today Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD)  the leading global Design & Consultancy organization for natural and built assets  announced its 2024–2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future.Alan Brookes  CEO Arcadis  said: “Over the last three years  Arcadis has undergone a remarkable transformation  successfully delivering our strategic objectives. We are now excited to present our 2024-2026 strategy: Accelerating a Planet Positive Future. This is supported by strong demand tailwinds and focused on key growth markets and making deliberate choices towards projects that align with our strategic ambitions and where we can most effectively deploy our knowledge and innovative solutions. We plan to further increase our successful Key Clients program and will evolve our commercial models to reflect our changing role with clients and further improve profitability. We have clear plans for operational efficiencies by doubling the relative contribution of our Global Excellence Centers in projects  tightening our business pursuit criteria and processes  realizing synergies  and continuing our successful standardization and automation program. In delivering our strategic ambitions  our people are critical and we will invest in a Skills Powered Organisation by continuing to grow the skills of our people to address the client needs of the future. This comprehensive approach gives me real confidence that we will deliver on our strategy set out today  while Accelerating a Planet Positive Future for all.”DELIVERY ON 2021-2023 STRATEGY: “MAXIMIZING IMPACT”Over the last 3 years  Arcadis has implemented its “Maximizing Impact” strategy by implementing a Global Business Area (GBA) structure  investing in Global Excellence Centers (GECs) and repositioning its business through portfolio optimization and the acquisitions of Arcadis IBI and Arcadis DPS.Through the implementation of its strategy  Arcadis has successfully delivered on its financial targets  with an annualized organic net revenue growth of 7% and a year-to-date 2023 operating EBITA margin in excess of 10%. Arcadis also largely delivered on its key non-financial targets. This creates a solid foundation for the future and the next strategic cycle.2024-2026 STRATEGY: “ACCELERATING A PLANET POSITIVE FUTURE”Building on its 2021-2023 “Maximizing Impact” strategy  Arcadis’ 2024–2026 strategy is focused on Accelerating a Planet Positive Future by addressing clients’ needs as they pursue their objectives including decarbonization  electrification and the transition towards renewable energy sources  the onshoring of advanced industrial facilities  the need to replace and upgrade existing infrastructure whilst moving to smarter  more efficient and cleaner modes of transportation.These trends are driving demand across global markets  particularly in North America and Europe  in areas where Arcadis has leading positions. In addition  by combining AI and the use of data and with deep asset knowledge  Arcadis can help clients repurpose and improve their assets. Arcadis is ideally positioned to make a positive difference. Building on a strong 2021-2023 foundation  Arcadis will Accelerate a Planet Positive Future through the delivery of the following three strategic priorities:Sustainable Project ChoicesArcadis will focus on projects that contribute to its strategic ambition  making deliberate bidding choices that reflect Arcadis values and economic criteria as well as increasing the robustness of project selection processes. In addition  expanding the successful Key Client Program will be a key element of this strategy to drive growth and increase the potential for margin improvement. The company will also increase its focus on opportunities to cross sell between its Global Business Areas delivering further operating leverage.Digital + Human InnovationArcadis will build on its digital leadership  including through its Intelligence GBA  providing innovative technology-enabled solutions and products across the entire asset lifecycle. Arcadis will continue to invest in new digital products and expand its offering to provide even greater value to clients through asset optimization and efficiency savings. Within its own operations  Arcadis will accelerate implementation of digitalization  standardization and automation of operating procedures  reducing non-billable hours and driving efficiencies.Powered by PeopleArcadis will continue to develop and invest in its people by creating a Skills Powered Organization that will provide its people the skills to address future client needs and deliver improved workforce efficiency This involves enhancing people development and career paths through prioritizing continuous learning  expertise  and adaptability among its people with initiatives such as the Arcadis Energy Transition Academy. It will also enable an optimized allocation of resources and skills to projects as required. In addition  Arcadis will reinforce its GEC organization  increase GEC recruitment and explore new locations for further growth to enable it to double the contribution of its GECs to the total billable hours of its projects.FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis targets mid-high single digit organic annualized net revenue growth for 2024–2026 and aims to further improve operating EBITA margin to at least 12.5% in 2026. Arcadis will also maintain a balanced capital allocation framework  including a commitment to a dividend pay-out ratio of 30% to 40% of Net Income from Operations and to retain its Investment Grade credit rating  with a target leverage ratio of 1.5-2.5x Net Debt / Operating EBITDA.NON-FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR 2026Arcadis embeds sustainable values into all client solutions  business operations  and people and community programs. The company is developing new client methodologies and tools to measure sustainability across five core themes - Carbon  Nature  Water  Circularity and Social Impact. Over the next strategy cycle Arcadis commits to a 70% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2026 and a 45% reduction in Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2029. The company also aims to remain in the top 25% of the professional services sector for employee satisfaction  as measured by Employee Net Promotor Score  and targets to improve gender diversity with over 40% of people across the organization to be female.Arcadis is well-positioned to continue its journey of profitable growth  sustainability  and innovation as it strives to accelerate a planet positive future. The Arcadis 2024-2026 Strategy update will be presented today during a Capital Markets Day in London.INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine Disch | +31(0)615376020 | christine.disch@arcadis.comCORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSChris Wiggan | +44(0)7966404889 | chris.wiggan@arcadis.comANALYST PRESENTATIONArcadis 2024-2026 Strategy “Accelerating a Planet Positive Future” will be presented and live streamed at 14.00 hours CET  for registration please follow the link: https://strategy.arcadis.com/registration-virtual-event/More information can be found on the strategy microsite: https://www.arcadis.com/en/investors/capital-markets-dayAnalyst presentation: https://www.arcadis.com/en/investors/publications-and-presentations---download-center#search-download-center_downloadyear=2023ABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the leading global design & consultancy organization for natural and built assets. We maximize impact for our clients and the communities they serve by providing effective solutions through sustainable outcomes  focus and scale  and digitalization. We are 36 000 people  active in more than 70 countries that generate €4.0 billion in gross revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.comREGULATED INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies or may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7.1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSStatements included in this press release that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives  other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance  or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and are not guarantees. Actual events or the results of our operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “could”  “intend”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “estimate”  “believe”  “continue”  “predict”  “potential” or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  plans  estimates  assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to  among other things  future economic  competitive and market conditions and future business decisions  all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.Attachments,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Planet Positive Future', 'Arcadis', 'Strategy', 'November', '01:01', 'high single digit annualized net organic revenue growth', 'annualized organic net revenue growth', 'successful Key Client Program', 'successful Key Clients program', 'three strategic focus areas', '2021-2023 “Maximizing Impact” strategy', 'key growth markets', '2026 Dividend pay-out ratio', 'renewable energy sources', 'advanced industrial facilities', 'three strategic priorities', 'Global Excellence Centers', 'key non-financial targets', 'Sustainable project choices', 'entire asset lifecycle', 'next strategic cycle', 'Key strategic targets', 'leading global Design', 'last three years', 'Global Business Area', 'Operating EBITA margin', 'deliberate bidding choices', 'strong 2021-2023 foundation', 'business pursuit criteria', 'project selection processes', 'innovative technology-enabled solutions', 'deep asset knowledge', 'Planet Positive Future', 'strong demand tailwinds', 'Net Income', 'new digital products', 'successful standardization', 'automation program', 'global markets', 'deliberate choices', 'strong tailwinds', 'key element', 'innovative solutions', 'client needs', 'last 3 years', '2021-2023 STRATEGY', 'positive difference', 'margin improvement', 'operating leverage', 'asset optimization', 'strategic ambitions', 'solid foundation', 'leading positions', 'economic criteria', 'strategic objectives', 'Communiqué officiel', 'human innovation', 'climate change', 'social communities', 'supply chains', 'infrastructure investment', 'Mid to', '70% GHG emissions', '45% GHG emissions', 'Consultancy organization', 'Alan Brookes', 'remarkable transformation', 'commercial models', 'changing role', 'clear plans', 'operational efficiencies', 'relative contribution', 'comprehensive approach', 'real confidence', 'GBA) structure', 'portfolio optimization', 'existing infrastructure', 'cleaner modes', 'North America', 'Intelligence GBA', 'greater value', 'efficiency savings', '2024-2026 Strategy', 'clients’ needs', 'digital leadership', 'built assets', 'ARCADIS NV', 'Today Arcadis', 'CEO Arcadis', 'Arcadis IBI', 'Arcadis DPS', 'Arcadis values', 'Arcadis’ 2024–2026 strategy', 'people', 'decarbonization', 'urbanism', 'Operations', 'Scope', '2 reduction', '2029 >40% women', 'workforce', 'Amsterdam', 'EURONEXT', 'natural', 'projects', 'profitability', 'synergies', 'Skills', 'Organisation', 'DELIVERY', 'GECs', 'acquisitions', 'implementation', 'date', 'excess', 'electrification', 'transition', 'onshoring', 'efficient', 'transportation', 'trends', 'Europe', 'addition', 'use', 'data', 'following', 'robustness', 'potential', 'company', 'opportunities', 'offering']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781539/0/en/ONWARD-Reports-Q3-Business-Update-and-Year-To-Date-Highlights.html,ONWARD® Reports Q3 Business Update and Year-To-Date Highlights,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Nov.  16  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Completing activities required for ARC-EX® FDA submission           Expanded HemON Study...,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Nov. 16  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Completing activities required for ARC-EX® FDA submissionExpanded HemON Study as precursor to ARC-IM® Empower BP pivotal studyFirst-in-human use of ARC-IM BCI for upper limbsPotential for ARC Therapy™ to improve mobility after Parkinson’s diseasepublished in Nature MedicineONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today provided a third quarter 2023 business update.“We remain focused on completing activities required to submit an FDA de novo application for clearance of our ARC-EX System in the first half of 2024 ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “In the meantime we achieved several additional milestones in Q3  including the first-in-human implant of our ARC-IM Neurostimulator paired with a brain-computer interface (BCI) to restore thought-driven movement in the fingers  hands  and arms and the expansion of our HemON clinical feasibility study. HemON will investigate use of the ARC-IM System to provide hemodynamic stability after SCI and is a precursor to our planned global pivotal study called Empower BP  which we expect to commence in the second half of next year. A recent Nature Medicine publication revealed the exciting potential to expand ARC-IM Therapy into the large  adjacent Parkinson’s disease market.”Q3 and Year-To-Date Highlights:Clinical and DevelopmentIn August 2023  the Company marked the first-in-human implant of its ARC-IM Neurostimulator to restore upper extremity function after SCI. The study participant also received a wireless brain-computer interface (BCI)  designed to initiate thought-driven movement when paired with ARC-IM. ONWARD ARC-IM delivers targeted  programmed ARC-IM Therapy to the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions after SCI. To date  ARC-IM Therapy has been applied across multiple clinical feasibility studies to restore mobility or stabilize blood pressure after SCI.In September  the Company expanded its HemON clinical feasibility study to assess the safety and effectiveness of the ARC-IM System to improve blood pressure regulation after SCI with the addition of Sint Maartenskliniek in Nijmegen  the Netherlands as a study site. The first participant at this site was implanted in September 2023. Expanding this clinical feasibility study prepares the company for expected 2H 2024 initiation of a global pivotal trial  called Empower BP  which is being designed to provide the evidence necessary to submit a pre-market approval (PMA) application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other global regulatory bodies.In November  the Company announced a publication in Nature Medicine highlighting the potential for ONWARD ARC Therapy to address gait challenges related to Parkinson’s disease. The study participant described in the publication has been living with Parkinson’s disease for nearly three decades. He has a severe gait disorder that has not responded to conventional therapies. After the introduction of ARC Therapy and benefitting from several weeks of rehabilitation  the participant was able to walk without previously noticeable gait interruptions.Also in November  ONWARD research partner .NeuroRestore was awarded a $1 million grant from The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research (MJFF) to implant the Company’s ARC-IM System and investigate the effect of ARC Therapy in six additional participants with Parkinson’s disease. This study will assist ONWARD in determining whether to conduct additional clinical trials and potentially commercialize ARC Therapy in the future for those living with Parkinson’s disease.The Company was issued 33 new patents during Q3 2023  bringing its total number of issued patents to more than 230 and issued or pending patents to more than 390  further strengthening its first-mover advantage.CommercialIn September  the Company announced a partnership with Lovell Government Services (Lovell)  a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). Lovell is a government vendor and third-party logistics provider partnering with more than one hundred US healthcare providers. The two-year distribution agreement provides ONWARD access to the United States Veterans Health Administration  the world’s largest healthcare system providing spinal cord injury care  and the US Department of Defense Military Health System  the world's largest military healthcare provider.Corporate and FinancialThe Company reported cash and cash equivalents of EUR 36.8 million as of September 30  2023  and reiterated its guidance of expected cash runway through the end of 2024.Outlook:ONWARD expects to continue steady and consistent execution of its strategy in through 2024 with the achievement of the following milestones:The Company plans to submit a de novo application for FDA clearance of the ARC-EX System in 2024  with US launch expected in the second half of next year. This would be the Company’s first commercial offering.Based on positive feedback from potential customers on the value of the ARC-EX System  expected to be the first-ever external spinal cord stimulation therapy to restore hand and arm function after SCI  the Company anticipates a list price of USD 30 000. In addition  the Company expects to supplement revenue by offering tiered service packages.The Company also continues to prepare for its global pivotal clinical study  called Empower BP  to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of its implantable ARC-IM System to address blood pressure instability after SCI. This study is expected to begin enrollment in the second half of 2024.Concurrent with publication in a peer-reviewed journal  the Company expects to announce more detailed results from its Up-LIFT pivotal study in 2024. The Company has already announced that the study met both primary safety and effectiveness endpoints and that 72% of participants responded to ARC-EX. A responder was defined as meeting or exceeding the minimally important difference criteria for at least one strength outcome and at least one functional performance outcome.The Company expects to gain additional clinical data and experience with its implantable ARC-IM System in 2024  with several implants planned with support from the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research and several implants planned in combination with an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI) with support from the European Innovation Council.The Company reaffirmed its expected cash runway through the end of 2024 and will look for efficient ways to further strengthen its balance sheet in the coming months.Conference Call & WebcastONWARD will host a conference call with a live webcast today  November 16  2023  at 2:00 pm CET / 8:00 am ET. The webcast may be accessed on the Financial Information page of the Company’s website. A replay of the webcast also will be available on the ONWARD website.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.*All ONWARD devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  alone or in combination with BCI  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation  a component of hemodynamic stability following SCI. Other ongoing studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL)  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Khaled Bahi  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.27,0.43,True,English,"['Q3 Business Update', 'ONWARD® Reports', 'Date Highlights', 'Year', 'The Michael J. Fox Foundation', 'United States Veterans Health Administration', 'one hundred US healthcare providers', 'ARC-IM® Empower BP pivotal study', 'third quarter 2023 business update', 'Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business', 'largest military healthcare provider', 'Defense Military Health System', 'multiple clinical feasibility studies', 'other global regulatory bodies', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury care', 'FDA de novo application', 'HemON clinical feasibility study', 'recent Nature Medicine publication', 'global pivotal trial', 'largest healthcare system', 'global pivotal study', 'third-party logistics provider', 'additional clinical trials', 'six additional participants', 'two-year distribution agreement', 'severe gait disorder', 'noticeable gait interruptions', 'several additional milestones', 'wireless brain-computer interface', 'blood pressure regulation', 'medical technology company', 'ARC-EX® FDA submission', 'upper extremity function', 'large, adjacent Parkinson', 'Lovell Government Services', 'ONWARD research partner', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy', 'HemON Study', 'Drug Administration', 'other functions', 'PMA) application', 'ARC-EX System', 'US Food', 'US Department', 'US launch', 'gait challenges', 'ARC-IM System', 'study participant', 'upper limbs', 'several weeks', 'government vendor', 'following milestones', 'The Company', 'ARC Therapy™', 'study site', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'ONWARD ARC-IM', 'ARC-IM Neurostimulator', 'ONWARD access', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'first half', 'Dave Marver', 'human implant', 'hemodynamic stability', 'second half', 'targeted, programmed', 'Sint Maartenskliniek', '2H 2024 initiation', 'pre-market approval', 'three decades', 'conventional therapies', '$1 million grant', 'total number', 'first-mover advantage', 'consistent execution', 'FDA clearance', 'first commer', 'first participant', 'next year', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'Completing activities', 'human use', 'ARC-IM BCI', 'thought-driven movement', 'Date Highlights', 'exciting potential', '33 new patents', 'disease market', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'precursor', 'mobility', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'SCI', 'CEO', 'meantime', 'fingers', 'hands', 'arms', 'expansion', 'Q3', 'Development', 'August', 'September', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'Nijmegen', 'evidence', 'November', 'introduction', 'rehabilitation', 'NeuroRestore', 'MJFF', 'future', 'Commercial', 'partnership', 'SDVOSB', 'world', 'Corporate', 'Financial', 'guidance', 'Outlook', 'steady', 'strategy', 'achievement']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-45376394/,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – October 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Li…,"Communiqué officiel de VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – October 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  16 November 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for October 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance posted another positive monthly performance in October 2023 (+0.5%) bringing the YTD performance to 19.1%.As Portfolio Managers  we always try to think outside the box and implement our views in order to optimize returns whilst keeping enough flexibility to face “exogenous shocks” should they arise. The breakout of an unexpected full-blown conflict in the Middle-East had – and still has – grounds to embody such an event as its implications may send shockwaves far beyond the peninsula. In the meantime  we were also conscious of the mixed economic indicators released worldwide as on one side the US and China displayed favorable GDP growth numbers hinting to a recovery in terms of consumer spending while on the other side Europe was facing stagnant growth outlooks amid fiscal concerns. The trajectory of the Leveraged Loan Index (ELLI) was dictated by those elements  it peaked at 96.7% in late September then retraced to 95.0% by mid-October. Following the dovish stance from the Fed post data release  it rebounded and closed at 95.4% on the 1st of November. The price moves on CLO debt tranches were down  unsurprisingly: the average USD CLO BB tranche price moved from 88.9% in September to 87.7% in October (JPM CLO Index).Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: -2.2% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +0.8% for CLO Equity tranches  -0.3% for CLO Debt tranches and +5% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS. No real impact of FX in October (long USD vs. EUR)  with a contribution – although positive – of only +0.1% in terms of performance.In terms of activity  we remain invested in two US CLO warehouses while the European warehouse stake will be converted imminently into the CLO’s Equity tranche as well as the Single-B. For the reminder  the warehouse’s IRR is expected in the 20% and the overall investment above 15% IRR. Our trading actions were skewed towards buyers of Risk as we deployed the proceeds of the asset sales implemented last month to buy c. Eur 10mm of low mezzanine risk – spread across five individual tickets. As market widened and offered opportunities fit for Volta Finance’s target return  we believe the entry point was right.As of end of October 2023  Volta’s NAV was €239.4m  i.e. €6.54 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 5.95% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as of the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 5.55% as of 31 September 2023  0.40% as of 30 June 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.29,0.46,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', 'average USD CLO BB tranche price', 'VOLTA FINANCE LIMITED Volta Finance Limited', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'favorable GDP growth numbers', 'diversified investment strategy acr', 'François Touati francois', 'Fed post data release', 'underlying sub asset classes', 'two US CLO warehouses', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'stagnant growth outlooks', 'unexpected full-blown conflict', 'mixed economic indicators', 'Leveraged Loan Index', 'CLO debt tranches', 'JPM CLO Index', 'five individual tickets', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'similar asset classes', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'European warehouse stake', 'low mezzanine risk', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'positive monthly performance', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'date NAV information', 'October 2023 monthly report', 'long USD', 'asset sales', 'Portfolio Managers', 'overall investment', 'Investment objectives', 'month-end date', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'Communiqué officiel', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'enough flexibility', 'exogenous shocks', 'one side', 'consumer spending', 'other side', 'fiscal concerns', 'dovish stance', 'monthly performances', 'real impact', 'trading actions', 'target return', 'entry point', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'YTD performance', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'period ends', 'quarterly basis', 'The Company', 'late September', 'Main Market', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', '31 September', 'VTA', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '16 November', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'box', 'views', 'order', 'returns', 'breakout', 'Middle-East', 'grounds', 'event', 'implications', 'shockwaves', 'peninsula', 'meantime', 'China', 'recovery', 'terms', 'trajectory', 'ELLI', 'elements', 'mid-October', '1st', 'ABS', 'FX', 'contribution', 'Single-B', 'reminder', 'IRR', 'buyers', 'proceeds', 'c.', '10mm', 'opportunities', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'fund', '30 June', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'dividends', 'exposure', '95.', '44']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781532/0/en/Unifiedpost-Group-reports-strong-Q3-2023-performance-and-strategic-progress.html,Unifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progress,Press release - Regulated Information        Unifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progress       Strong core revenue...,"Press release - Regulated InformationUnifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progressStrong core revenue growth  expanded customer base and strategic progressionLa Hulpe  Belgium – November 16  2023  7:00 a.m. CET - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group  or the Company) is pleased to report strong Q3 2023 performance  driven by a double-digit increase in recurring digital processing revenue. The customer base surpassed 1 2 million. Unifiedpost Group reaffirms its priority to a positive cash flow generation following the planned trajectory with diligent monitoring.HighlightsUnifiedpost Group achieved 14 6% year-over-year organic growth in its core business in the first nine monthsRecurring digital revenue reached €92.8 million in the first three quarters of 2023The customer base grew to 1.212.508 by Q3-end  a 14 0% increase this yearThe company continues to invest in R&D to adapt its platform to regulatory changes in European marketsWith a strong Q4 anticipated 'EBITDA minus Capex' is expected to turn positive in Q4  and the potential for it to remain positive over H2 2023 exists with the realization of one-time deals in Q4The divestment of FitekIN/Onea is on track  and the Group is considering other non-core divestmentsHans Leybaert  CEO and Founder of Unifiedpost Group  commented on the Q3 results  saying: "" We've delivered on our promises and are delighted with our strong YTD and Q3 2023 performance. Our focus on recurring digital processing revenue has paid off  with our customer base exceeding 1 2 million. As we move forward  we remain focused on improving the cash flow.""Key figuresRevenue (EUR million) Q3 2023 YTD Q3 2023 YTD Q3 2022 Change (%) Core Recurring digital processing 30 0 92 8 83 0 11 8% Non-core Non-recurring digital processing 1 3 3 7 5 6 -33 9% Postage & parcel optimisation 11 4 39 3 47 1 -16 6% Group 42 7 135 8 135 7 0 0%Revenue growth YTD 2023 vs YTD 2022 Organic(local currency) Currency Acquisitions / divestments Total Growth Core Recurring digital processing 14 6% -2 8% 0 0% 11 8% Non-core Non-recurring digital processing -33 9% 0 0% 0 0% -33 9% Postage & Parcel optimisation -8 5% -8 1% 0 0% -16 6%Business KPI’s End Q3 2023 End Q2 2023 End Q1 2023 End Q4 2022 Customers 1.212.508 1.172.197 1.133.706 1.063.776 Paying customers 505.636 490.936 473.679 468.128 Customers paid by 3rd parties 706.872 681.261 660.027 595.648 Companies in business network 2.320.065 2.254.762 2.186.270 2.109.297 Banqup customers 156.450 151.931 143.902 124.333 Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 50.528 48.651 45.359 40.363 Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 15.699 14.291 11.973 5.428Steady core revenue growthUnifiedpost Group delivered a continued strong growth in its core business in the third quarter of 2023. The Company grew organically in local currency by 14 6% year-over-year in its core business over the first nine months  bringing the digital processing revenue YTD 2023 to €92 8 million. The Company maintains a consistent pattern of double-digit expansion. The Company faced a challenge in the form of adverse currency exchange rates in Sweden  Denmark  and Norway  leading to an absolute growth in euro of 11 8% year-over-year in the first three quarters for the recurring digital processing revenue.We observed robust growth in countries where Unifiedpost holds a dominant market position. In Belgium  Billtobox experienced significant growth  and large senders performed well. In the Netherlands  there is a continued strong performance in digital identity solutions. The Baltic countries benefited from a diverse service mix  contributing to growth. Additionally  in the Balkans  growth was driven by increased adoption of the government platform and related business. France is gearing up and showed promising growth. The UK experienced a decline in revenue due to the Group's strategic restructuring efforts focused on accelerating the shift from paper-based to digital services.Unifiedpost's payment services  a part of recurring digital processing  have expanded to 24 countries. Significant revenue is generated in six key countries: Belgium  the Netherlands  Poland  Estonia  Latvia  and Lithuania. Other countries are close to finalising important deals in the payment space.The non-recurring digital processing revenue declined year-over-year in the first nine months  a strategic decision by the Group as it redirects its resources and focus on product development and services for the generation of recurring digital processing revenue. The non-recurring digital processing revenue includes for the first nine months of the year only project revenue (customise requests from large corporates). In the first nine months the Company had no license revenue in the non-recurring digital processing. The Group continues to actively work to secure new government contracts.For the postage and parcel optimisation segment the Group maintained a balanced approach to shifting from paper to digital. The revenue also encountered in this segment challenges from currency fluctuations primarily in Sweden.Ninety-six percent (96%) of Unifiedpost Group's total year-to-date revenue is recurring  highlighting the Company's stable revenue generation  supported by the loyal customer base. The Group's churn rate remained minimal  staying below 3%. In countries at the forefront of digitization  the churn rate is as low as 1% to 2%.Strong customer growthUnifiedpost continues to experience substantial growth in the customer base. By the end of Q3 2023  the Company had 1.212.508 customers (a 14 0% increase compared to the end of 2022). This demonstrates a consistent upward trajectory over several years. Within the growing customer base  the Group has 505.636 paying customers. In addition to paying customers  the platform serves customers paid by third parties. This segment has expanded to include 706.872 customers by the end of Q3.The business network  connecting Unifiedpost customers and other companies through digital means  now links over 2 32 million companies. This reinforces Unifiedpost’s position as a leader in the e-invoice and e-payment business.The core SME platforms  including Banqup  Billtobox and JeFacture  have experienced substantial momentum. By the end of Q3  their combined customer base reached 156.450  reflecting consistent growth throughout the year.Unifiedpost remains dedicated to streamlining business processes for its growing customer base and leveraging the substantial growth opportunities presented by European VAT in the digital age (VIDA).Preparing for the future: Unifiedpost's strategy in an evolving marketUnifiedpost is at a significant turning point as the entire European market prepares for the new way of working in the digital era. This shift in the regulatory landscape  driven by VIDA regulation  creates opportunities and positions Unifiedpost at the forefront of the digital transformation. Unifiedpost aims to play a crucial role in this transformation.While various countries are rapidly announcing changes  the significant transformation is gradually becoming more evident on the horizon. In the past quarter  there have been noteworthy regulatory developments in key European markets  with amongst these:France : E-invoicing implementation in France is set to commence in September 2026  beginning with mandatory e-invoice reception for all companies and large and mid-size companies that must issue e-invoices Germany : The new implementation timeline is starting in January 2025 with optional e-invoicing and mandatory e-invoicing for large companies as from 2026 Belgium : Mandatory B2B e-invoicing will be enforced in Belgium from 2026A summary overview of important legislative decisions in the last quarter in the regulatory framework in different European countries and Unifiedpost markets can be found in the appendix.The European Union offers a market potential of 24 9 million businesses and an additional 27 7 million self-employed individuals  forming a target market of 52 6 million potential customers. Many self-employed individuals and SMEs still lack solutions for e-invoicing  e-payments  e-reporting and tax validation. Unifiedpost is today a market leader on a market that will be growing exponentially in the coming years.While the horizon promises increased growth  the Group is acutely aware of the need to address crucial priorities in the short term. The current focus lies in becoming cash flow positive on the current business by growth and optimising business operations.Navigating the roadmap to success: Unifiedpost's steady progressUnifiedpost's strategy execution has made significant progress  marked by tangible achievements. The Group’s objective of establishing a comprehensive European business network among companies is materialising. It remains important to continue expanding both the Company’s own network and connected networks  as well as extending the services to the existing customers through upselling.Unifiedpost has experienced substantial growth in its network and the growth potential remains high with the market that is being created by VIDA. In addition to expanding the network  it is equally important to focus on upgrading the existing customers to comprehensive solutions. Notably  the in-house payment solution has been gaining traction in the market. The adoption of Unifiedpost's integrated payments solution by its customers has surged by 50% over the past 12 months  reflecting the growing demand for the integrated service offering.Unifiedpost's R&D team consisted at the end of Q3 2023 of 399 full-time employees  making up 31% of the total Group headcount. Within this team  72% of resources are dedicated to implementing new requirements and positioning Unifiedpost for the future market. This substantial investment in research and development emphasizes Unifiedpost’s commitment to innovation and future growth. The Company is successfully managing its talent pool  retaining key personnel who are instrumental to the continued success.The integration and cost-efficiency initiatives  such as consolidating product management across countries and streamlining the support organisation  have proceeded as planned  resulting in a more streamlined organisation. Towards the end of Q3  Unifiedpost reduced its workforce to 1.292 FTE  marking an 11 5% reduction compared to the beginning of the year. This reduction was achieved through a combination of workforce optimisation  role integration  and organisational streamlining  resulting in a more agile and efficient structure. At management level  steps were taken to limit the number of managers  enhancing overall operational efficiency.In addition to the efforts in expanding and enhancing services for the customers  the Company is also actively progressing with divestments of non-core businesses that do not align with the Group’s future integrated digital solutions strategy. The divestment of FitekIN/Onea is proceeding according to plan. The aim is to complete it in Q4 of 2023. Furthermore  the Company is continuously evaluating other non-core businesses to determine their alignment with the Company’s strategic vision.Sustained financial progressThe growing customer base  combined with efficient cost management  improves gross profit and EBITDA. In line with Unifiedpost's standard practices  the Group foresees a robust fourth quarter characterized by the seasonal uptick in revenue from existing business and customers. The Group expects ‘EBITDA minus Capex’ to turn positive in the fourth quarter. The conclusion of a number of one-off deals in the fourth quarter could result in ‘EBITDA minus Capex’ remaining positive in the second half of 2023.<End>Appendix: summary overview of important legislative decisions Q3 2023OVERVIEW Germany Milestone(s) January 2025: optional e-invoicingJanuary 2026: mandatory for businesses with turnover exceeding €800.000January 2027: mandatory for all businesses Details Mandatory B2B e-invoicing has experienced some delays  particularly for small businesses. These changes will be officially enacted through a tax reform Bill  which also encompasses mandatory B2B e-invoicing for domestic transactions. The requirement has now been extended for an additional year for small businesses. The Bill is awaiting approval in the Parliament (Bundestag)  with expected approval anticipated by December 15  2023. Belgium Milestone(s) January 2026: enforcement of mandatory B2B e-invoicing Details Belgium is set to enforce mandatory B2B e-invoicing starting January 1  2026  following the preliminary draft law's approval by the Belgian Council of Ministers.The implementation date for the e-invoicing mandate is January 1  2026  with a ""big bang"" approach  meaning it will be fully enforced from the start.It's important to note that the draft law is subject to approval by the Belgian parliament  and the Council of Ministers' approval represents an initial and significant step in the legislative process. France Milestone(s) September 2026: all companies to receive e-invoicesSeptember 2026: large and mid-size companies obliged to issue e-invoicesSeptember 2027: SMEs oblige to issue e-invoices Details In France  the e-invoicing and e-reporting reform has been postponed. Despite the delay  updated technical specifications are available. The French Tax Administration has proposed new deadlines for mandatory e-invoicing. The e-invoicing reform in France is now officially rescheduled to start in 2026. Poland Milestone(s) July 2024: mandatory e-invoicing Details Mandatory e-invoicing via the National e-Invoice System effective from 1 July 2024  with preparations underway  including draft amendments for natural persons designated by taxpayersFor details on all other countries or details on legislation please consult the Unifiedpost website.ContactLaurent Marcelis+32 477 61 81 37laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1.600.000 SMEs and more than 2.500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1300+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentiallyfrom the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.Attachments",neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.28,0.2,True,English,"['strong Q3 2023 performance', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'strategic progress', 'Total Growth Core Recurring digital processing', 'Non-core Non-recurring digital processing', 'adverse currency exchange rates', 'non-recurring digital processing revenue', 'Steady core revenue growth', 'positive cash flow generation', 'Strong core revenue growth', 'Recurring digital revenue', 'digital identity solutions', 'first nine months', 'first three quarters', 'EBITDA minus Capex', 'dominant market position', 'diverse service mix', 'new government contracts', 'strategic restructuring efforts', 'other non-core divestments', 'six key countries', 'The Baltic countries', 'strong Q3 2023 performance', 'parcel optimisation segment', '363 Banqup customers France', 'core business', 'digital services', 'strong growth', 'strong performance', 'Significant revenue', 'project revenue', 'license revenue', 'organic growth', 'Key figures', 'local currency', 'Currency Acquisitions', 'absolute growth', 'robust growth', 'significant growth', 'promising growth', 'Other countries', 'strategic progress', 'The UK', 'strategic decision', 'strong YTD', 'Q3 results', 'End Q3', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', 'customer base', 'La Hulpe', 'diligent monitoring', 'R&D', 'regulatory changes', 'European markets', 'one-time deals', 'Hans Leybaert', 'Business KPI', '3rd parties', 'business network', '33 Banqup customers', 'third quarter', 'consistent pattern', 'double-digit expansion', 'large senders', 'government platform', 'related business', 'important deals', 'payment space', 'product development', 'large corporates', 'balanced approach', 'strong Q4', 'The Group', 'YTD Q3', 'payment services', 'double-digit increase', 'The Company', 'Unifiedpost Group', '24 countries', '14,0% increase', 'Belgium', 'November', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'priority', 'trajectory', 'Highlights', 'year', 'Q3-end', 'potential', 'H2', 'realization', 'FitekIN/Onea', 'track', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'promises', 'focus', 'Postage', 'Q2', 'Q1', '648 Companies', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'continued', 'challenge', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Balkans', 'adoption', 'decline', 'shift', 'paper-based', 'Poland', 'Estonia', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'resources', 'requests', '776', '297']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Unifiedpost-Group-reports-strong-Q3-2023-performance-and-strategic-progress-45368137/,Unifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progress,(marketscreener.com) Press release - Regulated Information Unifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progress Strong core revenue growth  expanded customer base and strategic progression La Hulpe  Belgium – November 16  2023  7:00 a.m…,"Communiqué officiel de UNIFIEDPOST GROUP SAPress release - Regulated InformationUnifiedpost Group reports strong Q3 2023 performance and strategic progressStrong core revenue growth  expanded customer base and strategic progressionLa Hulpe  Belgium – November 16  2023  7:00 a.m. CET - Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group  or the Company) is pleased to report strong Q3 2023 performance  driven by a double-digit increase in recurring digital processing revenue. The customer base surpassed 1 2 million. Unifiedpost Group reaffirms its priority to a positive cash flow generation following the planned trajectory with diligent monitoring.HighlightsUnifiedpost Group achieved 14 6% year-over-year organic growth in its core business in the first nine monthsRecurring digital revenue reached €92.8 million in the first three quarters of 2023The customer base grew to 1.212.508 by Q3-end  a 14 0% increase this yearThe company continues to invest in R&D to adapt its platform to regulatory changes in European marketsWith a strong Q4 anticipated 'EBITDA minus Capex' is expected to turn positive in Q4  and the potential for it to remain positive over H2 2023 exists with the realization of one-time deals in Q4The divestment of FitekIN/Onea is on track  and the Group is considering other non-core divestmentsHans Leybaert  CEO and Founder of Unifiedpost Group  commented on the Q3 results  saying: "" We've delivered on our promises and are delighted with our strong YTD and Q3 2023 performance. Our focus on recurring digital processing revenue has paid off  with our customer base exceeding 1 2 million. As we move forward  we remain focused on improving the cash flow.""Key figuresRevenue (EUR million) Q3 2023 YTD Q3 2023 YTD Q3 2022 Change (%) Core Recurring digital processing 30 0 92 8 83 0 11 8% Non-core Non-recurring digital processing 1 3 3 7 5 6 -33 9% Postage & parcel optimisation 11 4 39 3 47 1 -16 6% Group 42 7 135 8 135 7 0 0%Revenue growth YTD 2023 vs YTD 2022 Organic(local currency) Currency Acquisitions / divestments Total Growth Core Recurring digital processing 14 6% -2 8% 0 0% 11 8% Non-core Non-recurring digital processing -33 9% 0 0% 0 0% -33 9% Postage & Parcel optimisation -8 5% -8 1% 0 0% -16 6%Business KPI’s End Q3 2023 End Q2 2023 End Q1 2023 End Q4 2022 Customers 1.212.508 1.172.197 1.133.706 1.063.776 Paying customers 505.636 490.936 473.679 468.128 Customers paid by 3rd parties 706.872 681.261 660.027 595.648 Companies in business network 2.320.065 2.254.762 2.186.270 2.109.297 Banqup customers 156.450 151.931 143.902 124.333 Banqup customers Belgium (Billtobox) 50.528 48.651 45.359 40.363 Banqup customers France (JeFacture) 15.699 14.291 11.973 5.428Steady core revenue growthUnifiedpost Group delivered a continued strong growth in its core business in the third quarter of 2023. The Company grew organically in local currency by 14 6% year-over-year in its core business over the first nine months  bringing the digital processing revenue YTD 2023 to €92 8 million. The Company maintains a consistent pattern of double-digit expansion. The Company faced a challenge in the form of adverse currency exchange rates in Sweden  Denmark  and Norway  leading to an absolute growth in euro of 11 8% year-over-year in the first three quarters for the recurring digital processing revenue.We observed robust growth in countries where Unifiedpost holds a dominant market position. In Belgium  Billtobox experienced significant growth  and large senders performed well. In the Netherlands  there is a continued strong performance in digital identity solutions. The Baltic countries benefited from a diverse service mix  contributing to growth. Additionally  in the Balkans  growth was driven by increased adoption of the government platform and related business. France is gearing up and showed promising growth. The UK experienced a decline in revenue due to the Group's strategic restructuring efforts focused on accelerating the shift from paper-based to digital services.Unifiedpost's payment services  a part of recurring digital processing  have expanded to 24 countries. Significant revenue is generated in six key countries: Belgium  the Netherlands  Poland  Estonia  Latvia  and Lithuania. Other countries are close to finalising important deals in the payment space.The non-recurring digital processing revenue declined year-over-year in the first nine months  a strategic decision by the Group as it redirects its resources and focus on product development and services for the generation of recurring digital processing revenue. The non-recurring digital processing revenue includes for the first nine months of the year only project revenue (customise requests from large corporates). In the first nine months the Company had no license revenue in the non-recurring digital processing. The Group continues to actively work to secure new government contracts.For the postage and parcel optimisation segment the Group maintained a balanced approach to shifting from paper to digital. The revenue also encountered in this segment challenges from currency fluctuations primarily in Sweden.Ninety-six percent (96%) of Unifiedpost Group's total year-to-date revenue is recurring  highlighting the Company's stable revenue generation  supported by the loyal customer base. The Group's churn rate remained minimal  staying below 3%. In countries at the forefront of digitization  the churn rate is as low as 1% to 2%.Strong customer growthUnifiedpost continues to experience substantial growth in the customer base. By the end of Q3 2023  the Company had 1.212.508 customers (a 14 0% increase compared to the end of 2022). This demonstrates a consistent upward trajectory over several years. Within the growing customer base  the Group has 505.636 paying customers. In addition to paying customers  the platform serves customers paid by third parties. This segment has expanded to include 706.872 customers by the end of Q3.The business network  connecting Unifiedpost customers and other companies through digital means  now links over 2 32 million companies. This reinforces Unifiedpost’s position as a leader in the e-invoice and e-payment business.The core SME platforms  including Banqup  Billtobox and JeFacture  have experienced substantial momentum. By the end of Q3  their combined customer base reached 156.450  reflecting consistent growth throughout the year.Unifiedpost remains dedicated to streamlining business processes for its growing customer base and leveraging the substantial growth opportunities presented by European VAT in the digital age (VIDA).Preparing for the future: Unifiedpost's strategy in an evolving marketUnifiedpost is at a significant turning point as the entire European market prepares for the new way of working in the digital era. This shift in the regulatory landscape  driven by VIDA regulation  creates opportunities and positions Unifiedpost at the forefront of the digital transformation. Unifiedpost aims to play a crucial role in this transformation.While various countries are rapidly announcing changes  the significant transformation is gradually becoming more evident on the horizon. In the past quarter  there have been noteworthy regulatory developments in key European markets  with amongst these:France : E-invoicing implementation in France is set to commence in September 2026  beginning with mandatory e-invoice reception for all companies and large and mid-size companies that must issue e-invoices Germany : The new implementation timeline is starting in January 2025 with optional e-invoicing and mandatory e-invoicing for large companies as from 2026 Belgium : Mandatory B2B e-invoicing will be enforced in Belgium from 2026A summary overview of important legislative decisions in the last quarter in the regulatory framework in different European countries and Unifiedpost markets can be found in the appendix.The European Union offers a market potential of 24 9 million businesses and an additional 27 7 million self-employed individuals  forming a target market of 52 6 million potential customers. Many self-employed individuals and SMEs still lack solutions for e-invoicing  e-payments  e-reporting and tax validation. Unifiedpost is today a market leader on a market that will be growing exponentially in the coming years.While the horizon promises increased growth  the Group is acutely aware of the need to address crucial priorities in the short term. The current focus lies in becoming cash flow positive on the current business by growth and optimising business operations.Navigating the roadmap to success: Unifiedpost's steady progressUnifiedpost's strategy execution has made significant progress  marked by tangible achievements. The Group’s objective of establishing a comprehensive European business network among companies is materialising. It remains important to continue expanding both the Company’s own network and connected networks  as well as extending the services to the existing customers through upselling.Unifiedpost has experienced substantial growth in its network and the growth potential remains high with the market that is being created by VIDA. In addition to expanding the network  it is equally important to focus on upgrading the existing customers to comprehensive solutions. Notably  the in-house payment solution has been gaining traction in the market. The adoption of Unifiedpost's integrated payments solution by its customers has surged by 50% over the past 12 months  reflecting the growing demand for the integrated service offering.Unifiedpost's R&D team consisted at the end of Q3 2023 of 399 full-time employees  making up 31% of the total Group headcount. Within this team  72% of resources are dedicated to implementing new requirements and positioning Unifiedpost for the future market. This substantial investment in research and development emphasizes Unifiedpost’s commitment to innovation and future growth. The Company is successfully managing its talent pool  retaining key personnel who are instrumental to the continued success.The integration and cost-efficiency initiatives  such as consolidating product management across countries and streamlining the support organisation  have proceeded as planned  resulting in a more streamlined organisation. Towards the end of Q3  Unifiedpost reduced its workforce to 1.292 FTE  marking an 11 5% reduction compared to the beginning of the year. This reduction was achieved through a combination of workforce optimisation  role integration  and organisational streamlining  resulting in a more agile and efficient structure. At management level  steps were taken to limit the number of managers  enhancing overall operational efficiency.In addition to the efforts in expanding and enhancing services for the customers  the Company is also actively progressing with divestments of non-core businesses that do not align with the Group’s future integrated digital solutions strategy. The divestment of FitekIN/Onea is proceeding according to plan. The aim is to complete it in Q4 of 2023. Furthermore  the Company is continuously evaluating other non-core businesses to determine their alignment with the Company’s strategic vision.Sustained financial progressThe growing customer base  combined with efficient cost management  improves gross profit and EBITDA. In line with Unifiedpost's standard practices  the Group foresees a robust fourth quarter characterized by the seasonal uptick in revenue from existing business and customers. The Group expects ‘EBITDA minus Capex’ to turn positive in the fourth quarter. The conclusion of a number of one-off deals in the fourth quarter could result in ‘EBITDA minus Capex’ remaining positive in the second half of 2023.Appendix: summary overview of important legislative decisions Q3 2023OVERVIEW Germany Milestone(s) January 2025: optional e-invoicingJanuary 2026: mandatory for businesses with turnover exceeding €800.000January 2027: mandatory for all businesses Details Mandatory B2B e-invoicing has experienced some delays  particularly for small businesses. These changes will be officially enacted through a tax reform Bill  which also encompasses mandatory B2B e-invoicing for domestic transactions. The requirement has now been extended for an additional year for small businesses. The Bill is awaiting approval in the Parliament (Bundestag)  with expected approval anticipated by December 15  2023. Belgium Milestone(s) January 2026: enforcement of mandatory B2B e-invoicing Details Belgium is set to enforce mandatory B2B e-invoicing starting January 1  2026  following the preliminary draft law's approval by the Belgian Council of Ministers.The implementation date for the e-invoicing mandate is January 1  2026  with a ""big bang"" approach  meaning it will be fully enforced from the start.It's important to note that the draft law is subject to approval by the Belgian parliament  and the Council of Ministers' approval represents an initial and significant step in the legislative process. France Milestone(s) September 2026: all companies to receive e-invoicesSeptember 2026: large and mid-size companies obliged to issue e-invoicesSeptember 2027: SMEs oblige to issue e-invoices Details In France  the e-invoicing and e-reporting reform has been postponed. Despite the delay  updated technical specifications are available. The French Tax Administration has proposed new deadlines for mandatory e-invoicing. The e-invoicing reform in France is now officially rescheduled to start in 2026. Poland Milestone(s) July 2024: mandatory e-invoicing Details Mandatory e-invoicing via the National e-Invoice System effective from 1 July 2024  with preparations underway  including draft amendments for natural persons designated by taxpayersFor details on all other countries or details on legislation please consult the Unifiedpost website.ContactLaurent Marcelis+32 477 61 81 37laurent.marcelis@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers. Since its founding in 2001  Unifiedpost has grown significantly  expanding to offices in 32 countries  with more than 500 million documents processed in 2021  reaching over 1.600.000 SMEs and more than 2.500 Corporates across its platform today.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record2022 turnover €191 million1300+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG(*) Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentiallyfrom the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.Attachments",neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.24,0.21,True,English,"['strong Q3 2023 performance', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'strategic progress', 'Total Growth Core Recurring digital processing', 'UNIFIEDPOST GROUP SA Press release', 'Non-core Non-recurring digital processing', 'non-recurring digital processing revenue', 'adverse currency exchange rates', 'Steady core revenue growth', 'positive cash flow generation', 'Strong core revenue growth', 'Recurring digital revenue', 'digital identity solutions', 'first nine months', 'first three quarters', 'EBITDA minus Capex', 'dominant market position', 'diverse service mix', 'new government contracts', 'strategic restructuring efforts', 'other non-core divestments', 'parcel optimisation segment', 'strong Q3 2023 performance', 'six key countries', 'strong Q4 anticipated', 'The Baltic countries', '363 Banqup customers France', 'core business', 'digital services', 'strong growth', 'strong performance', 'Significant revenue', 'project revenue', 'license revenue', 'organic growth', 'Key figures', 'local currency', 'Currency Acquisitions', 'absolute growth', 'robust growth', 'significant growth', 'promising growth', 'Other countries', 'strong YTD', 'Q3 results', 'End Q3', 'strategic progress', 'The UK', 'strategic decision', 'The Group', 'Communiqué officiel', 'Regulated Information', 'customer base', 'La Hulpe', 'diligent monitoring', 'R&D', 'regulatory changes', 'European markets', 'one-time deals', 'Hans Leybaert', 'Business KPI', '3rd parties', 'business network', 'third quarter', 'consistent pattern', 'double-digit expansion', 'large senders', 'government platform', 'related business', 'important deals', 'payment space', 'product development', 'large corporates', 'balanced approach', 'YTD Q3', 'payment services', 'double-digit increase', 'The Company', '24 countries', '14,0% increase', 'Belgium', 'November', '7:00 a', 'CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'priority', 'trajectory', 'Highlights', 'year', 'Q3-end', 'potential', 'H2', 'realization', 'FitekIN/Onea', 'track', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'promises', 'focus', 'Postage', 'Q2', 'Q1', '648 Companies', 'Billtobox', 'JeFacture', 'continued', 'challenge', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Balkans', 'adoption', 'decline', 'shift', 'paper-based', 'Poland', 'Estonia', 'Latvia', 'Lithuania', 'resources', 'requests', '776', '297']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781553/0/en/GeoJunxion-NV-ticker-GOJXN-AS-Financial-Business-update-Q1-FY-2023-24-July-September-2023.html,GeoJunxion NV (ticker: GOJXN.AS) - Financial & Business update Q1 FY 2023-24 (July – September 2023),Capelle aan den IJssel  16 November 2023  GeoJunxion announces the publication of its financial results for the first three months of the accounting year 2023-24  showing first evidence of slowdown in the business and a decline in the financial results and ca…,Capelle aan den IJssel  16 November 2023  GeoJunxion announces the publication of its financial results for the first three months of the accounting year 2023-24  showing first evidence of slowdown in the business and a decline in the financial results and cash flow.In the first quarter of FY 2023-24  corresponding to the period 1 July – 30 September 2023  for the first time after continuous growth and very positive results in the last three accounting years  GeoJunxion’s business shows signs of slowdown and a decline in the financial results.The Recurring Revenue (combined Licenses and Services) is growing by almost 12% in Q1 23/24 (389K Euro) compared with Q1 22/23 (348K Euro). The Non-Recurring Service Revenue  however  was just about 14% (145K Euro) of the exceptional performance in Q1 2022-23 of (over 1M Euro). In August 2022  a very big project was awarded  which had a significant positive impact on the revenue of the first quarter and subsequent periods. This did not happen this year  as our major customers are more hesitant to invest in big projects.The direct consequence of this slowdown in revenue is reflected in all the financial KPIs for the quarter: a negative Operating Result (-346K Euro in Q1 23/24 vs +644K Euro in Q1 22/23)  a Net Loss of 416K Euro compared with a Net Profit of 448K Euro in the same period of the past accounting year and negative Cash Flow of 635K Euro compared with the negative value of 388K Euro of Q1 22/23.SUMMARY FINANCIALS Q1 FY 2023-24 (July – September 2023)OUTLOOK FOR THE ACCOUNTING YEAR 2023-2024While GeoJunxion was only marginally impacted during the last two financial years  a “long-wave effect” of the economic downturn has impacted the company at the start of financial year 2023-24.In line with the economic climate pictured by the ECB and other economic indicators  the company’s preliminary operational results during the first quarter of the 2023-24 accounting year have been below expectations. Our technology customers have been hesitant to place significant orders for new projects. We have won some smaller project orders and renewed existing recurring service contracts Q1 2023-24  but overall  the order intake to-date has been slow. The automotive mapping market continues to move towards open-source data. With OEMs looking for more cost-effective solutions  map prices are under pressure  and competition between navigation solution providers is becoming increasingly fierce.Against this background  the company expects a challenging year in 2023-24: With a slow start on order intake  revenue is under pressure and likely to be declining year over year. However  we remain confident in the quality of our products  their relevance in the market  the dedication and diligence of our teams and the trust we have established with our customers to overcome these short- and medium-term challenges and continue executing on our long-term growth strategy.OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS AND STRATEGY UPDATEStrategy UpdateGeoJunxion’s strategy remains focused on creating “map agnostic” data products: digital geo-localized content  designed to be fully integrated into or overlaid on any commercial or open-source maps  or to be used in developing smart solutions for a large variety of use cases  in different industries and market sectors.Despite the first signals of a slowdown in revenue generation  we believe that our strategy remains solid as it has delivered year-over-year growth of +40% during the last 36 months. We will therefore continue to diligently execute on this strategy and expand the scope of our existing product portfolio and services  while investing in new research & development capabilities and in the new business sector of the Last Mile Mapping.GeoJunxion’s activities are directed towards establishing long-term relationships with our customers  through the creation of recurring business models rather than opportunistic one-off contracts. Although the relationship with clients frequently starts with a proof-of-concept or a custom one-off project  most of the Company’s efforts go into building value-added  dynamic content  requiring continuous and frequent updates to maintain and increase their value over time. This means that most of our proof-of-concept and one-off projects are a launch-pad for establishing a service or license contract  converting the initial activities into a recurring  more predictable and sustainable business model.When executing projects  GeoJunxion typically retains the Intellectual Property and ownership of the newly developed datasets and solutions  for licensing to other customers. Thereby  leveraging the initial investment and creating a virtuous business cycle.Our mission remains focused on improving navigational safety and enhancing people mobility  contributing to a more sustainable world  reducing the impact on the environment  through intelligent solutions enabling more environmentally conscious decisions through informed choices.Central to GeoJunxion’s strategy are:Cost effective research  sourcing  production  ingestion  and aggregation of geodata;Offering flexible licensing models at competitive pricing;Direct delivery of dynamic  up-to-date content via APIs;Highly flexible solutions and content creation;Market DevelopmentsWe are currently experiencing that our existing and prospect clients are strictly monitoring their expenditures. They are prudent in starting big projects. This has negatively impacted our revenue in the past quarter and will continue to impact the subsequent quarters. Despite the revenue contraction in Q1 23/24  the interest in our Location Intelligence Services and  in particular  in new Last-Mile Mapping Services is evident.GeoJunxion  like other companies  continues to be impacted by rising inflation rates  caused by raising energy and other raw material prices and supply chain disruptions. This impacts salaries  staff expenses  office costs and other indirect services. However  our OPEX costs remains under control due to diligent monitoring and continuous finetuning of our spending.The largest market opportunity for GeoJunxion still remains with big Tech Companies  making extensive use of geo-localized data for their business and end-user solutions. In this market segment  we are still dedicating a significant portion of our resources to project execution  however  with the reduced/postponed investments of the big clients  we will have the opportunity to re-invest in developing and extending our premium location-aware products.We continue to invest in the automotive industry. This is based on a strong interest in cost-effective mapping solutions  with the most up-to-date and relevant content. This increased demand is also linked with the implementation of advanced driver-assistance systems  such as ISA (Intelligent Speed Assistance) and the adoption of geofences for safety and environmentally conscious action in-car. Premium content pertaining to road safety  environmental sustainability and social utility therefore remains a primary focus in our strategy and product development.In the last months  we started investing more in the new custom Last-Mile-Mapping services. This is a market showing a lot of positivity and dynamism. We are connecting with various potential clients and with particular interest on the sport industry  on museums  theatres  outdoor recreational venues  like camping sites and holiday/amusement parks  as well as on larger projects for municipalities and public administrations.GeoJunxion also remains active in identifying opportunities in other markets  such as transport & logistics  real estate  geo-marketing  business analysis  travel & tourism and governments.Business DevelopmentIn Q1 FY 2023/24 (July to September)  the Location Intelligence Services continued playing an essential role in our business development. At the end of the previous financial year and very beginning of the new one  we’ve been awarded small new contracts for the development of new databases and maintenance of existing database developed in the past for a big Tech Company. Such maintenance project will positively impact the recurring service revenues on a quarterly basis. In addition  we have been and we are tirelessly working on extensions in scope of certain projects awarded during the past financial years and winning new projects  proof-of-concepts with new and existing clients  to guarantee continuity in operations and research and development.In the last months  Business Development has been focused on new solutions for the last-mile mapping market. In order to secure high quality services in this specific field  we re-enforced and nurtured our operational partnership with WizzyMaps. During the last nine months our capability to deliver state-of-the-art last-mile mapping solutions  increased significantly thanks to this collaboration. This collaboration is now visualized in jointly agreed “partnership logo”:In Q1 FY 2023/24  our Sales and Business development teams continued to attend trade events. After the Autonomy Mobility World Expo in Paris in March  and polisMobility in Cologne in May  we also attended IAA Mobility 2023 in Munich  in September and the North German Sports trip in October  organized by the Netherlands Business Support Office / NBSO Hamburg. In Q2 2023-24  we will attend the Recreatie Vakbeurs (14-16 November  in Hardenberg  NL) and Festivak België (22-23 November  in Nekkerhal Mechelen  Belgium). Worth mentioning also  the interview of our Sales Manager  Stef van der Helm  at the “Samen slim op weg event 2023”. All these activities gave us the opportunity to meet with partners and clients face-to-face  to promote GeoJunxion’s brand  its products and services.Product DevelopmentAutomotive product developmentR&D is progressing with an updated data cycle for a leading Infotainment System manufacturer. This is expected to be delivered by the end of this year 2023 or very beginning of next. As part of this update cycle R&D is industrializing the processes to make future updates more effective and efficient.Last Mile MappingR&D is also key in the development of routing algorithms and custom APIs for the Last-Mile-Mapping business. This is expected to be one of the areas of significant expansion during the FY 2023/24.Eco Alert Zones and School Safety ZonesSmart geofences remains key products in the GeoJunxion’s portfolio. Eco Alert Zones have been kept up to date during the course of this quarter. They are still increasing significantly in number  geographical coverage and in the typologies. School Streets and School Safety Zones are an integral part of our development strategy  and we expect to invest more in the next future  using to Artificial Intelligence and other methods for data creation.GeoJunxion is also committed to extend the work done on the Satellite Imagery object recognition. While the proof of concept was completed in Q4 2022/23  we expect to continue the investments in Q2 2023/24. This will give us the possibility to further enrich our existing datasets of geofences and create new ones during the coming months.ORDER INTAKEAfter an exceptionally good financial year 2022/23 in terms of order intake and consequent revenues  the order intake for this first quarter Q1 FY 2023/24 was lower than expected. The slowdown is particularly evident if compared with the same period of the previous financial year 2022/23  when GeoJunxion was awarded the biggest Location Intelligence Services project since the rebranding.REVENUEGeoJunxion tracks its revenue by product type and by the nature of the underlying contract (recurring versus non-recurring). Recurring service revenue includes the updating services of our Eco Alert Zones product and other data products. The non-recurring service revenue includes tailored research and collection of data sets and creation of geo-located content.In Q1 2023/24  revenue decreased by 61%  compared to the same period in the accounting year 2022/23. This is due to a significant slow-down in location intelligence services activities with our major customer (in non-recurring service revenue). In August 2022  we kicked off a major project and generated over €800 000 in revenue in August and September. This year we do not have a similar project to compensate this gap. On the recurring revenue side  we did see a nice year-over-year growth of nearly 12%. This is attributable to the recurring maintenance contract we booked in June 2023  on which we completed the first of 4 quarterly updates.OPERATING RESULTThe Q1 2023-24 operating result shows a loss of €346.000  compared to an operational profit of €644.000 during the same quarter last year. The three main drivers for this year-over-year change are the following:A decrease in revenue of €833.000  mainly in non-recurring services.An increase in other operating expenses  due to legal and consultancy fees incurred on realizing the announced transaction of approx. €140.000.A reduction in the capitalization of development costs by €62.000 compared to the same quarter last year. This is due to an increased focus on maintenance of our products  which cannot be capitalized under IFRS accounting rules.ORGANIZATIONGeoJunxion is proud to have achieved the Level 2 certification on Social Entrepreneurship: the Prestatieladder Socialer Ondernemen. This independent assessment showed that GeoJunxion offers high-quality employment to people who have difficulty accessing the labor market and collaborating with organizations which have the same aspirations.GeoJunxion supports the Dutch Heart Foundation in its Hartstichting program to achieve the goal of “a healthy heart for everyone”. GeoJunxion cares about its employees  their health conditions and encourages all of them to adopt an active and healthy lifestyle.FINANCIAL POSITIONGeoJunxion is experiencing a slow-down in its order intake and business activities. In the past quarter this has resulted in a lower-than-expected revenue and a higher cash outflow. The Company relies on existing and new orders from customers to meet its obligations. Management is monitoring and managing the company’s liquidity on an on-going basis. Based on our current outlook  the available cash on hand is estimated to be sufficient to cover our operational requirements for the next 6 to 12 months.INCOME TAXESThe taxable result for the first three months of the accounting year 2023-24 amounted to a loss of approximately €420.000. No deferred tax assets were booked on this taxable loss in the quarter.CASH FLOWDuring the first three months of the financial year 2023/24 we realized a negative cash flow of €635 000. This cash outflow is the result of higher payments of employee costs (regular payroll  bonus payment and payroll taxes on holiday pay)  payments related to corporate insurances  legal and consultancy costs linked to the transaction and renewals of data licenses  only partially offset by collections of customer invoices issued during the period. The cash balance per 30 September 2023 amounted to €848.000.ANNOUNCEMENT SALE OF BUSINESS AND LIQUIDATIONOn 27 October 2023  GeoJunxion N.V. announced that it reached a definitive  conditional agreement in the form of a share purchase agreement (SPA) relating to the sale of all issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of GeoJunxion B.V. its sole operating entity. Under the Proposed Transaction  GeoJunxion B.V. will be sold to Road Runner B.V. at a fixed purchase price of EUR 4 670 795.80. This represents a price of €1.10 per listed share in GeoJunxion N.V.. Road Runner has been established by the Purchaser (Parkland Resources B.V. and Magnus I B.V.) for the sole purpose of the Proposed Transaction. Completion of the transaction under the SPA is subject to  among others  approval by the Shareholders. It is anticipated that GeoJunxion N.V. will  subject to Completion taking place  be dissolved following which GeoJunxion N.V. will liquidate its assets and liabilities and the ordinary shares in the share capital of GeoJunxion will be delisted from Euronext Amsterdam (the Delisting).We refer to the press release and the Shareholder Circular issued on 27 October 2023 for more information and an in-depth evaluation of the proposed transaction.RISK MANAGEMENTRisk management is an integral managerial task. Our risk management and control procedures take into consideration the size of the company and the character of the business to identify the most significant risks which the company is exposed to. The risks identified are discussed on a periodical basis and mitigated or fully resolved  where possible. Such a system cannot provide absolute certainty that objectives will be realized. Neither can it guarantee prevention of potential cases of material mistakes  damage  fraud  or breaches of statutory laws.The 2022-23 annual report  as published on 27 October 2023  describes the primary strategic  operational  and financial risks. The risks and uncertainties described in the annual report are relevant and are deemed incorporated and repeated by reference in this report. There were no cases of material damage  fraud or breaches of law detected since issuing the Annual Accounts.Our people are our key assets. We do our utmost to keep them safe  healthy  challenged  engaged and continuously developing their skills & experience.BOARD OF MANAGEMENT STATEMENTThe Board of Management hereby declares that  to the best of its knowledge  the summarized Q1 2023-24 (July – September) Interim consolidated financial statements  drawn up in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim financial reporting”  represents a faithful rendering of the assets  liabilities  financial position  profit and cash flow of GeoJunxion NV and its subsidiary as stated in the consolidated financial statements  and that the Board Report  as included in this Interim Financial statements  represents a faithful rendering of the information required in relation to item 5:25d subs 8 and 9 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.GROUP STRUCTUREThe GeoJunxion group contains 2 entities: GeoJunxion N.V.  (the holding entity  quoted on Euronext Amsterdam) and its 100% operating subsidiary GeoJunxion B.V.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS / IMPORTANT NOTICEThis document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position and results of GeoJunxion. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events  including assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies  operations  and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements  and you should not place undue reliance on them.Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond the company’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as timing of placement of orders of our customers  exchange-rate and interest-rate fluctuations  labor and other cost inflation  changes in tax rates  regulatory and legal changes  the rate of technological change  the competitive landscape  political developments in countries in which the company operates and the risk of a downturn in the market.The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date they are made. We do not assume any obligation to update any public information or forward-looking statement in this document to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document  except as may be required by applicable laws.Capelle aan den IJssel  16 November 2023 Ivo Vleeschouwers – CEO / CFOFrancesco Altamura - CBOThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.27,0.54,True,English,"['Business update Q1 FY', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'GOJXN.AS', 'ticker', 'Financial', 'July', 'September', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'last two financial years', 'last three accounting years', 'existing recurring service contracts', 'map agnostic” data products', 'STRATEGY UPDATE Strategy Update', 'SUMMARY FINANCIALS Q1 FY', 'existing product portfolio', 'opportunistic one-off contracts', 'Last Mile Mapping', 'navigation solution providers', 'digital geo-localized content', 'value-added, dynamic content', 'environmentally conscious decisions', 'recurring business models', 'negative Operating Result', 'custom one-off project', 'Cost effective research', 'virtuous business cycle', 'smaller project orders', 'first three months', 'automotive mapping market', 'past accounting year', '2023-24 accounting year', 'other economic indicators', 'sustainable business model', 'preliminary operational results', 'new business sector', 'negative Cash Flow', 'Non-Recurring Service Revenue', 'significant positive impact', 'long-term growth strategy', 'The Recurring Revenue', 'last 36 months', 'significant orders', 'open-source data', 'map prices', 'new research', 'positive results', 'big project', 'financial results', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'long-term relationships', 'sustainable world', 'year growth', 'financial KPIs', 'economic downturn', 'economic climate', 'negative value', 'first evidence', 'first signals', 'challenging year', 'other customers', 'exceptional performance', '1M Euro', 'subsequent periods', 'direct consequence', '+644K Euro', 'Net Loss', '416K Euro', 'Net Profit', '448K Euro', '635K Euro', '388K Euro', 'long-wave effect', 'order intake', 'medium-term challenges', 'open-source maps', 'large variety', 'use cases', 'different industries', 'market sectors', 'development capabilities', 'frequent updates', 'license contract', 'Intellectual Property', 'initial investment', 'navigational safety', 'people mobility', 'informed choices', 'first quarter', 'continuous growth', 'new projects', 'revenue generation', 'cost-effective solutions', 'smart solutions', 'intelligent solutions', 'first time', 'major customers', 'technology customers', 'same period', 'slow start', 'initial activities', 'GeoJunxion', 'publication', 'slowdown', 'decline', 'July', '30 September', 'signs', 'Licenses', 'Services', '45K', 'August', 'OUTLOOK', 'company', 'ECB', 'expectations', 'OEMs', 'pressure', 'competition', 'background', 'quality', 'relevance', 'dedication', 'diligence', 'teams', 'trust', 'commercial', 'scope', 'creation', 'clients', 'proof', 'concept', 'efforts', 'launch-pad', 'predictable', 'ownership', 'datasets', 'licensing', 'mission', 'sourcing', 'production', 'ingestion']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEGON-N-V-6275/news/Aegon-s-trading-update-for-third-quarter-2023-45368135/,Aegon's trading update for third quarter 2023,(marketscreener.com) Please click here to access all 3Q 2023 Trading Update related documents The Hague  November 16  2023 - Continued commercial momentum in US business and increased capital generation Operating capital generation before holding funding and …,Communiqué officiel de AEGON N.V.Please click here to access all 3Q 2023 Trading Update related documentsThe Hague  November 16  2023 - Continued commercial momentum in US business and increased capital generationOperating capital generation before holding funding and operating expenses increases by 16% compared with the third quarter of 2022 to EUR 354 million reflecting business growth and improved underwriting variancesCapital ratios of the main units remain above their respective operating levelsTransaction combining Aegon’s Dutch businesses with a.s.r. closed in July; related EUR 1.5 billion share buyback on track with 32% completed in third quarter and 45% per November 10Cash Capital at Holding increases to EUR 2.9 billion  driven by the proceeds from the a.s.r. transactionStrong sales growth in US Strategic Assets  and life insurance business in Brazil. Sales momentum in asset management and UK Retail businesses continues to be affected by challenging market conditionsReducing mortality risk in US Financial Assets via purchasing institutionally owned universal life policiesLard Friese  Aegon CEO  commented:“For the third quarter in a row  we saw continued commercial momentum in the US and strong overall operating capital generation which benefited from exceptional items. We expect the full-year 2023 operating capital generation from the units to be around EUR 1.2 billion; up from the previous guidance of more than EUR 1.0 billion. I am proud of what the teams have achieved so far and would like to express my gratitude to my colleagues for all of their hard work.As outlined at our Capital Markets Day 2023 in June  a key strategic focus is to ensure that our US business  Transamerica  reaches its full potential. In the third quarter  Transamerica’s Strategic Assets have continued to deliver growth. Individual Solutions generated new life sales of USD 118 million  an increase of 10% compared with the prior year period. World Financial Group’s (WFG) sales force grew by 17% compared with a year earlier to almost 70 000 licensed agents. Workplace Solutions more than doubled its written sales of mid-sized retirement plans to USD 1.8 billion compared with the same period last year. We expect that this progress in the middle market will translate into higher gross deposits in the coming quarters. These are important achievements in our ambition to build America’s leading middle market life insurance and retirement company.Our joint venture in Brazil  Mongeral Aegon Group  also delivered strong growth  with new life sales almost doubling to EUR 49 million compared with the year ago period. This follows our recent investment that increased Aegon’s economic ownership of Mongeral Aegon Group to almost 60%.Results at Aegon’s UK Retail business continued to be affected by reduced customer activity because of the current macro-economic environment  as well as an industry-wide reduction of transfers from defined benefit to defined contribution pensions. Our UK Workplace segment saw continued high levels of inflows due to the onboarding of new schemes and higher net deposits on existing schemes. However  these were more than offset by the departure of a large  low margin pension scheme.While results at Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) continued to be affected by adverse investor sentiment across the industry  we did see positive net flows at our Chinese asset management partnership. We are adapting to the reality of current market conditions and have taken cost reduction measures in our Global Platform business that we expect will improve Aegon AM’s performance. In addition  as a result of its asset management partnership with a.s.r.  Aegon AM has further strengthened its leading positions in Alternative Fixed Income and Retirement Investment Solutions in the Netherlands.Transamerica continued to reduce its exposure to Financial Assets and to improve the level and predictability of its capital generation. A clear example is the ongoing program of purchasing institutionally owned universal life policies to reduce the mortality risk of the portfolio. At the end of the third quarter  20% of the face value of this book had been purchased  which is half of the amount targeted by 2027.Finally  at the end of September  Aegon moved its legal seat to Bermuda and in doing so became a Bermuda entity: Aegon Ltd. Following this  responsibility for Aegon’s group supervision moved to the Bermuda Monetary Authority.As we move to the fourth quarter  our continued commercial performance and operating capital generation provides Aegon with a solid basis as it continues with the next chapter of its transformation. And  while many things have recently changed in our company  our focus remains the same: delivering value to all of our customers  shareholders and other stakeholders.”Additional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.00 am CET.SupplementsAegon’s third quarter 2023 Trading Update Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com.Conference call including Q&AThe conference call starts at 9:00 am CET  with an audio webcast on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link. Directly after registration you will see your personal pin on the confirmation screen and additionally you will receive an email with the call details and again your personal pin to enter the conference call. To avoid any unforeseen connection issues  it’s recommended to make use of the ‘call me’ option. Two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith ‘Call me’  there’s no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option ‘Call me’.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the ‘click to join’ function  dial-in numbers are also available.Dial-in numbers for conference callUnited States: +1 864 991 4103 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 1536 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 8377 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 970 102 86838 (toll)Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registration.Financial calendar 2023/2024Second half 2023 results – March 1  2024First quarter 2024 trading update – May 16  2024Annual General Meeting – June 12  2024First half 2024 results – August 22  2024The conference call and Q&A can be followed via a live audio webcast on our website.About AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection and retirement solutions. Its portfolio of businesses includes fully owned subsidiaries in the US  UK and a global asset manager. In addition  Aegon has partnerships in Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China  which create value by combining strong local partners with Aegon’s international expertise. In the Netherlands  Aegon generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading insurance and pensions company.Aegon's purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Carolien van der Giessen Hielke Hielkema +31(0) 6 11953367 +31(0) 70 344 7697 carolien.vandergiessen@aegon.com hielke.hielkema@aegon.comCurrency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;Third-party information used by us may prove to be inaccurate and change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve impacting our results and disclosures;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations; andReliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third-parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data)  internal controls  and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2022 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.World Financial Group (WFG)WFG consists of:In the United States  World Financial Group Insurance Agency  LLC (in California  doing business as World Financial Insurance Agency  LLC)  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Hawaii  Inc.  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Massachusetts  Inc.  and / or WFG Insurance Agency of Puerto Rico  Inc. (collectively WFGIA)  which offer insurance and annuity products.In the United States  Transamerica Financial Advisors  Inc. is a full-service  fully licensed  independent broker-dealer and registered investment advisor. Transamerica Financial Advisors  Inc. (TFA)  Member FINRA  MSRB  SIPC  and registered investment advisor  offers securities and investment advisory services.In Canada  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Canada Inc. (WFGIAC)  which offers life insurance and segregated funds. WFG Securities Inc. (WFGS)  which offers mutual funds. WFGIAC and WFGS are affiliated companies.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.3,0.3,True,English,"['trading update', 'third quarter', 'Aegon', 'large, low margin pension scheme', '3Q 2023 Trading Update related documents', 'related EUR 1.5 billion share buyback', 'third quarter 2023 Trading Update Supplement', 'strong overall operating capital generation', 'leading middle market life insurance', 'respective operating levels Transaction', 'a.s.r. transaction', 'full-year 2023 operating capital generation', 'Chinese asset management partnership', 'life insurance business', 'other supplementary documents', 'universal life policies', 'higher gross deposits', 'current macro-economic environment', 'higher net deposits', 'adverse investor sentiment', 'positive net flows', 'Alternative Fixed Income', 'Additional information Presentation', 'conference call presentation', 'Capital Markets Day', 'mid-sized retirement plans', 'UK Retail businesses', 'new life sales', 'UK Workplace segment', 'current market conditions', 'cost reduction measures', 'Global Platform business', 'World Financial Group', 'Bermuda Monetary Authority', 'Strong sales growth', 'AEGON N.V.', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'key strategic focus', 'Mongeral Aegon Group', 'Retirement Investment Solutions', 'US Strategic Assets', 'US Financial Assets', 'prior year period', 'continued commercial performance', 'operating expenses', 'leading positions', 'strong growth', 'high levels', 'Capital ratios', 'Cash Capital', 'Workplace Solutions', 'group supervision', 'US business', 'new schemes', 'business growth', 'Dutch businesses', 'Sales momentum', 'sales force', 'written sales', 'recent investment', 'industry-wide reduction', 'other stakeholders', 'fourth quarter', 'commercial momentum', 'Individual Solutions', 'retirement company', 'Communiqué officiel', 'The Hague', 'underwriting variances', 'mortality risk', 'Lard Friese', 'exceptional items', 'previous guidance', 'hard work', 'full potential', '70,000 licensed agents', 'same period', 'coming quarters', 'important achievements', 'joint venture', 'economic ownership', 'customer activity', 'contribution pensions', 'existing schemes', 'clear example', 'ongoing program', 'legal seat', 'Bermuda entity', 'solid basis', 'next chapter', 'many things', 'Aegon CEO', 'Aegon AM', 'Aegon Ltd', 'aegon.com', 'main units', 'defined benefit', 'face value', 'funding', 'July', 'track', 'November', 'Holding', 'proceeds', 'Brazil', 'challenging', 'teams', 'gratitude', 'colleagues', 'June', 'Transamerica', 'increase', 'progress', 'ambition', 'Results', 'transfers', 'inflows', 'onboarding', 'departure', 'reality', 'Netherlands', 'exposure', 'predictability', 'portfolio', 'end', 'book', 'amount', 'September', 'responsibility', 'transformation', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'Supplements', '7.00']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781531/0/en/Aegon-s-trading-update-for-third-quarter-2023.html,Aegon’s trading update for third quarter 2023,Please click here to access all 3Q 2023 Trading Update related documents The Hague  November 16  2023 - Continued commercial momentum in US business and increased capital generation,Please click here to access all 3Q 2023 Trading Update related documentsThe Hague  November 16  2023 - Continued commercial momentum in US business and increased capital generationOperating capital generation before holding funding and operating expenses increases by 16% compared with the third quarter of 2022 to EUR 354 million reflecting business growth and improved underwriting variancesCapital ratios of the main units remain above their respective operating levelsTransaction combining Aegon’s Dutch businesses with a.s.r. closed in July; related EUR 1.5 billion share buyback on track with 32% completed in third quarter and 45% per November 10Cash Capital at Holding increases to EUR 2.9 billion  driven by the proceeds from the a.s.r. transactionStrong sales growth in US Strategic Assets  and life insurance business in Brazil. Sales momentum in asset management and UK Retail businesses continues to be affected by challenging market conditionsReducing mortality risk in US Financial Assets via purchasing institutionally owned universal life policiesLard Friese  Aegon CEO  commented:“For the third quarter in a row  we saw continued commercial momentum in the US and strong overall operating capital generation which benefited from exceptional items. We expect the full-year 2023 operating capital generation from the units to be around EUR 1.2 billion; up from the previous guidance of more than EUR 1.0 billion. I am proud of what the teams have achieved so far and would like to express my gratitude to my colleagues for all of their hard work.As outlined at our Capital Markets Day 2023 in June  a key strategic focus is to ensure that our US business  Transamerica  reaches its full potential. In the third quarter  Transamerica’s Strategic Assets have continued to deliver growth. Individual Solutions generated new life sales of USD 118 million  an increase of 10% compared with the prior year period. World Financial Group’s (WFG) sales force grew by 17% compared with a year earlier to almost 70 000 licensed agents. Workplace Solutions more than doubled its written sales of mid-sized retirement plans to USD 1.8 billion compared with the same period last year. We expect that this progress in the middle market will translate into higher gross deposits in the coming quarters. These are important achievements in our ambition to build America’s leading middle market life insurance and retirement company.Our joint venture in Brazil  Mongeral Aegon Group  also delivered strong growth  with new life sales almost doubling to EUR 49 million compared with the year ago period. This follows our recent investment that increased Aegon’s economic ownership of Mongeral Aegon Group to almost 60%.Results at Aegon’s UK Retail business continued to be affected by reduced customer activity because of the current macro-economic environment  as well as an industry-wide reduction of transfers from defined benefit to defined contribution pensions. Our UK Workplace segment saw continued high levels of inflows due to the onboarding of new schemes and higher net deposits on existing schemes. However  these were more than offset by the departure of a large  low margin pension scheme.While results at Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) continued to be affected by adverse investor sentiment across the industry  we did see positive net flows at our Chinese asset management partnership. We are adapting to the reality of current market conditions and have taken cost reduction measures in our Global Platform business that we expect will improve Aegon AM’s performance. In addition  as a result of its asset management partnership with a.s.r.  Aegon AM has further strengthened its leading positions in Alternative Fixed Income and Retirement Investment Solutions in the Netherlands.Transamerica continued to reduce its exposure to Financial Assets and to improve the level and predictability of its capital generation. A clear example is the ongoing program of purchasing institutionally owned universal life policies to reduce the mortality risk of the portfolio. At the end of the third quarter  20% of the face value of this book had been purchased  which is half of the amount targeted by 2027.Finally  at the end of September  Aegon moved its legal seat to Bermuda and in doing so became a Bermuda entity: Aegon Ltd. Following this  responsibility for Aegon’s group supervision moved to the Bermuda Monetary Authority.As we move to the fourth quarter  our continued commercial performance and operating capital generation provides Aegon with a solid basis as it continues with the next chapter of its transformation. And  while many things have recently changed in our company  our focus remains the same: delivering value to all of our customers  shareholders and other stakeholders.”Additional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.00 am CET.SupplementsAegon’s third quarter 2023 Trading Update Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com.Conference call including Q&AThe conference call starts at 9:00 am CET  with an audio webcast on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link. Directly after registration you will see your personal pin on the confirmation screen and additionally you will receive an email with the call details and again your personal pin to enter the conference call. To avoid any unforeseen connection issues  it’s recommended to make use of the ‘call me’ option. Two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith ‘Call me’  there’s no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option ‘Call me’.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the ‘click to join’ function  dial-in numbers are also available.Dial-in numbers for conference callUnited States: +1 864 991 4103 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 1536 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 8377 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 970 102 86838 (toll)Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registration.Financial calendar 2023/2024Second half 2023 results – March 1  2024First quarter 2024 trading update – May 16  2024Annual General Meeting – June 12  2024First half 2024 results – August 22  2024The conference call and Q&A can be followed via a live audio webcast on our website.About AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection and retirement solutions. Its portfolio of businesses includes fully owned subsidiaries in the US  UK and a global asset manager. In addition  Aegon has partnerships in Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China  which create value by combining strong local partners with Aegon’s international expertise. In the Netherlands  Aegon generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading insurance and pensions company.Aegon's purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Carolien van der Giessen Hielke Hielkema +31(0) 6 11953367 +31(0) 70 344 7697 carolien.vandergiessen@aegon.com hielke.hielkema@aegon.comCurrency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;Third-party information used by us may prove to be inaccurate and change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve impacting our results and disclosures;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations; andReliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third-parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data)  internal controls  and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2022 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.World Financial Group (WFG)WFG consists of:In the United States  World Financial Group Insurance Agency  LLC (in California  doing business as World Financial Insurance Agency  LLC)  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Hawaii  Inc.  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Massachusetts  Inc.  and / or WFG Insurance Agency of Puerto Rico  Inc. (collectively WFGIA)  which offer insurance and annuity products.In the United States  Transamerica Financial Advisors  Inc. is a full-service  fully licensed  independent broker-dealer and registered investment advisor. Transamerica Financial Advisors  Inc. (TFA)  Member FINRA  MSRB  SIPC  and registered investment advisor  offers securities and investment advisory services.In Canada  World Financial Group Insurance Agency of Canada Inc. (WFGIAC)  which offers life insurance and segregated funds. WFG Securities Inc. (WFGS)  which offers mutual funds. WFGIAC and WFGS are affiliated companies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.29,0.23,True,English,"['trading update', 'third quarter', 'Aegon', 'related EUR 1.5 billion share buyback', 'large, low margin pension scheme', '3Q 2023 Trading Update related documents', 'third quarter 2023 Trading Update Supplement', 'strong overall operating capital generation', 'leading middle market life insurance', 'respective operating levels Transaction', 'a.s.r. transaction', 'full-year 2023 operating capital generation', 'Chinese asset management partnership', 'life insurance business', 'other supplementary documents', 'universal life policies', 'higher gross deposits', 'current macro-economic environment', 'higher net deposits', 'adverse investor sentiment', 'positive net flows', 'Alternative Fixed Income', 'Additional information Presentation', 'Capital Markets Day', 'new life sales', 'WFG) sales force', 'mid-sized retirement plans', 'UK Retail businesses', 'UK Workplace segment', 'current market conditions', 'cost reduction measures', 'Global Platform business', 'World Financial Group', 'Strong sales growth', 'Bermuda Monetary Authority', 'conference call presentation', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'key strategic focus', 'Retirement Investment Solutions', 'Mongeral Aegon Group', 'US Strategic Assets', 'US Financial Assets', 'prior year period', 'continued commercial performance', 'operating expenses', 'leading positions', 'strong growth', 'high levels', 'Q&A', 'Capital ratios', 'Cash Capital', 'Workplace Solutions', 'group supervision', 'US business', 'Sales momentum', 'written sales', 'new schemes', 'business growth', 'Dutch businesses', 'recent investment', 'industry-wide reduction', 'other stakeholders', 'fourth quarter', 'commercial momentum', 'Individual Solutions', 'retirement company', 'The Hague', 'underwriting variances', 'mortality risk', 'Lard Friese', 'exceptional items', 'previous guidance', 'hard work', 'full potential', '70,000 licensed agents', 'same period', 'coming quarters', 'important achievements', 'joint venture', 'economic ownership', 'customer activity', 'contribution pensions', 'existing schemes', 'clear example', 'ongoing program', 'legal seat', 'Bermuda entity', 'solid basis', 'next chapter', 'many things', 'Aegon CEO', 'Aegon AM', 'Aegon Ltd', 'aegon.com', 'main units', 'defined benefit', 'face value', 'funding', 'July', 'track', 'November', 'Holding', 'proceeds', 'Brazil', 'challenging', 'teams', 'gratitude', 'colleagues', 'June', 'Transamerica', 'increase', 'progress', 'ambition', 'Results', 'transfers', 'inflows', 'onboarding', 'departure', 'reality', 'Netherlands', 'exposure', 'predictability', 'portfolio', 'end', 'book', 'amount', 'September', 'responsibility', 'transformation', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'Supplements', '7.00']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-Third-Quarter-2023-Results-45368356/,Vallourec: Third Quarter 2023 Results -November 16  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Meudon   November 16  2023 Vallourec  a world leader in premium tubular solutions  announces today its results for the third quarter 2023. The Board of Directors of Vallourec SA  meeting on November 14th 2023  approved the Group's third q…,Communiqué officiel de VALLOURECMeudon (France)  November 16  2023Vallourec  a world leader in premium tubular solutions  announces today its results for the third quarter 2023. The Board of Directors of Vallourec SA  meeting on November 14th 2023  approved the Group's third quarter 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.Third Quarter 2023 ResultsEBITDA of €222 million in Q3 driven by robust Tubes profitabilityNet debt halved year-over-year: reduced from €1 493m to €741mInternational tubes demand and pricing continue to increaseUS bookings have recovered  market prices expected to stabilize in near-termFull Year 2023 EBITDA outlook increased: now expected to range from €1 075m to €1 175m versus prior €950m to €1 100mNet debt outlook improved: now expected to decline further versus the Q3 2023 level in Q4 2023aHIGHLIGHTSStrong Q3 2023 Cash FlowEBITDA of €222 million (up €24 million YoY) driven by robust Tubes profitability Tubes EBITDA of €193 million (up €25 million YoY) supported by a 20% YoY average selling price increase and strong operating performance in Eastern Hemisphere Mine & Forest EBITDA of €39 million (stable YoY): ~0.3 million tonne YoY increase in mine production sold was offset by YoY reduction in non-cash forest revaluation (IAS 41)(up €24 million YoY) driven by robust Tubes profitability Adjusted free cash flow of €217 millionNet debt halved year-over-year: reduced from €1 493 million to €741 millionIncreased FY 2023 OutlookbRaising Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook to range between €1 075 million and €1 175 million Increased versus prior €950m – €1 100m range due to continued strong market environment in Eastern Hemisphere and solid operational performanceTotal cash generation to be positive in the fourth quarter 2023 excluding any potential benefit of asset salesexcluding any potential benefit of asset sales Net debt to decline further versus third quarter 2023 level excluding any potential benefit of asset salesPhilippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer  declared:“The third quarter of 2023 marked yet another quarter of strong operational execution and significant deleveraging. Vallourec has now cut its net debt in half over the past year. We are progressing very well on the path to reaching zero net debt by year-end 2025 at the latest. Following our deleveraging  we aim to return significant capital to our shareholders  potentially as early as 2025c.“Looking at our core markets  it is clear we remain in a multi-year upturn for the premium tubes business. In international markets and especially the Middle East  customer activity remains strong. Pricing on new OCTG orders continues to exceed current invoice prices  a reflection of strong market conditions and our value over volume strategy.“In the United States  as expected  we saw a recovery in customer ordering activity in the third quarter  which will drive higher sales volumes in the fourth quarter. US distributor inventories have been steadily declining  imports have continued to fall to multi-year lows  and drilling activity has stabilized. As such  we remain confident that pricing will stabilize in the near-term. We have already seen early signs of this  with higher-end tubular products showing either very small declines or outright price improvement in the latest third-party surveys.“The New Vallourec plan is on track. Our production activities in Germany will be finalized imminently. This project has been executed ahead of schedule and with results that exceeded our expectations. Our capacity enhancement program in Brazil  which will enable the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany  is on track. We expect to see the full benefit of this investment in 2024. Elsewhere  we are further progressing our premiumization program in China  and we are accelerating our operational improvements in Brazil. As we near the end of 2023  I am very pleased with the progress we have made in many areas  and still see significant opportunities ahead for the Group.”Key Datain € million  unless noted Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. Tubes volume sold (k tonnes) 343 396 462 (54) (119) Iron ore volume sold (m tonnes) 1.8 1.9 1.5 (0.1) 0.3 Group revenues 1 142 1 358 1 282 (216) (140) Group EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 (as a % of revenue) 19.4% 27.5% 15.4% (8.1) pp 4.0 pp Operating income (loss) 146 258 89 (112) 57 Net income  Group share 76 159 6 (83) 70 Free cash flow  as previously defined 154 115 (81) 39 235 Adj. free cash flow 217 174 (57) 43 274 Total cash generation 150 118 (93) 32 243 Net debt 741 868 1 493 (127) (752)CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSISThird Quarter Results AnalysisIn the Third Quarter of 2023  Vallourec recorded revenues of €1 142 million  down 11% year-on-year ((5%) at constant exchange rates). The decrease in Group revenues reflects:(26%) volume decrease mainly driven by lower deliveries in Industry in Europe and Oil & Gas Tubes in North America20% price/mix effect1% Mine and Forest(5%) currency effect mainly related to the strengthening of the Euro versus the US dollarIn the Third Quarter of 2023  EBITDA amounted to €222 million compared to €198 million in Q3 2022; the Group EBITDA margin reached 19.4% of revenues versus 15.4% in Q3 2022. For the Group  the EBITDA increase reflects:An industrial margin of €324 million  or 28.4% of revenues   versus €278 million or 21.7% of revenues in Q3 2022.  versus €278 million or 21.7% of revenues in Q3 2022. Selling  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) of €85 million or 7.4% of revenues  versus €77 million or 6.0% in Q3 2022.Operating income was positive at €146 million  compared to €89 million in Q3 2022  mainly explained by higher EBITDA and lower charges related to adaptation measures in Germany.Financial income (loss) was negative at (€22) million  compared to (€30) million in Q3 2022; net interest expense in Q3 2023 stood at (€21) million compared to (€25) million in Q3 2022.Income tax amounted to (€44) million compared to (€53) million in Q3 2022.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €76 million  compared to €6 million in Q3 2022.First Nine Month Results AnalysisOver the first nine months of 2023  Vallourec recorded revenues of €3 838 million  up 15% year-on-year (+16% at constant exchange rates). The increase in Group revenues reflects:(9%) volume decrease mainly driven by lower deliveries in Industry in Europe23% price/mix effect3% Mine and Forest(1%) currency effect mainly related to the strengthening of the Euro versus the US dollarOver the first nine months of 2023  EBITDA amounted to €916 million compared to €403 million in 9M 2022; the Group EBITDA margin reached 23.9% of revenues versus 12.1% in 9M 2022. For the Group  the EBITDA increase reflects:An industrial margin of €1 204 million  or 31.4% of revenues   versus €661 million or 19.8% of revenues in 9M 2022.  versus €661 million or 19.8% of revenues in 9M 2022. Selling  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) of €248 million or 6.5% of revenues  versus €260 million or 7.8% in 9M 2022.Operating income was positive at €661 million. Over the first nine months of 2022  operating income was negative at (€286) million resulting mainly from provisions related to the adaptation measures (European social plans and associated fees) and  to a lesser extent  from provisions for non-recurring costs in respect of the mine incident.Financial income (loss) was negative at (€92) million  compared to (€51) million in 9M 2022; net interest expense in 9M 2023 stood at (€74) million compared to (€70) million in 9M 2022.Income tax amounted to (€167) million compared to (€104) million in 9M 2022.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €391 million  compared to (€444) million in 9M 2022.RESULTS ANALYSIS BY SEGMENTTubesIn Q3 2023  Tubes revenues were down 11% YoY due to lower shipments. Tubes EBITDA rose from €168 million in Q3 2022 to €193 million due to a 20% increase in the average selling price per tonne. Consequently  EBITDA per tonne improved from €364 per tonne to €563 per tonne.Over the first nine months of 2023  Tubes revenues were up 13% due to higher pricing. Tubes EBITDA more than doubled to reach €802 million; a 24% increase in the average selling price per tonne more than offset the lower volumes. Over the period  EBITDA per tonne increased by 151% to reach €686 per tonne.Mine & ForestIn Q3 2023  iron ore production sold reached 1.8 million tonnes  increasing by 21% year-over-year but down slightly sequentially. Consequently  iron ore mine production sold over the first nine months of 2023 amounted to 5.2 million tonnes.Mine & Forest revenues in Q3 2023 reached €88 million  increasing year-over-year in line with market prices (€82 million in Q3 2022). In Q3 2023  Mine & Forest EBITDA reached €39 million  leading to an EBITDA margin of 44%.Mine & Forest revenues over the first nine months of 2023 reached €274 million  compared to €175 million in 9M 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  Mine & Forest EBITDA reached €137 million  leading to an EBITDA margin of 50%.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL POSITIONCash Flow Results AnalysisIn Q3 2023  adjusted operating cash flow improved to €171 million  compared to €132 million in Q3 2022. The increase in cash EBITDA more than offset the higher income tax payments. Over the first nine months of 2023  adjusted operating cash flow rose significantly by €457 million to reach €702 million  mainly driven by increased EBITDA and despite higher financial and tax cash-out.In Q3 2023  working capital was reduced by €97 million  versus an increase of €135 million in Q3 2022. The net working capital requirement stood at 105 days of sales  compared to 118 days in Q3 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  the working capital requirement decreased by €53 million  versus a substantial increase of €538 million in 9M 2022.Gross capital expenditure was €51 million in Q3 2023 (compared to €54 million in Q3 2022) and amounted to €170 million over the first nine months of 2023 in comparison with €113 million in 9M 2022.For the full year  gross capital expenditure is expected to be around €220 million  including approximately €70 million of capital expenditure related to the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany to Brazil.In Q3 2023  adjusted free cash flow was positive at €217 million  while it was negative at (€57) million in Q3 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  adjusted free cash flow stood at €585 million driven by improved EBITDA as well as efficient working capital management (compared to a negative (€406) million in 9M 2022).In Q3 2023  total cash generation stood at €150 million  which includes the negative impact of €63 million restructuring charges and other non-recurring items. Over the first nine months of 2023  total cash generation amounted to €419 million  compared to a negative (€523) million in 9M 2022.In Q3 2023  free cash flow  as previously defined  was €154 million  compared to (€81) million in Q3 2022  and it was €416 million for the first nine months of 2023 compared to (€482) million in 9M 2022.Net Debt and LiquidityAs of September 30  2023  net debt stood at €741 million  a significant decrease compared to €1 493 million on September 30  2022. Gross debt amounted to €1.7 billion including €54 million of fair value adjustment under IFRS 9 which will be reversed over the life of the debt. Long-term debt amounted to €1.4 billion and short-term debt totaled €327 million.As of September 30  2023  lease debt stood at €61 million following the application of IFRS 16 standards  compared to €71 million on December 31  2022.As of September 30  2023  the liquidity position was very strong at €1 590 million  with cash amounting to €938 million  availability on our revolving credit facility (RCF) of €462 million  and availability on an asset-backed loan (ABL) of €190 million (d). The Group has no long-term debt repayments scheduled before June 2026.THE NEW VALLOUREC PLANThe New Vallourec plan  announced in May 2022  remains fully on track. The plan aims to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift versus 2021 and an approximately €20 million capex reduction with the full impact starting in Q2 2024. These actions will contribute to making the Group cycle-proof and generating positive free cash flowe  before the change in working capital  even at the bottom of the cycle.The closure of sites in Europe is ahead of schedule. Employees at the sites to be closed in Europe began to leave the company in Q1 2023. The last wave of departures is expected in 2024  including those colleagues in Germany who are supporting the dismantling operation in that year. The Brazil capacity enhancement program  which will expand the capabilities of our South America Tubes operations  is on-track. The full benefit of the oil & gas volume transfer to Brazil is expected in 2024. We are now accelerating our operational improvement program in the country.In China  we are well advanced in executing our premiumization strategy. Finally  in Saudi Arabia  we anticipate our regional capacity expansion will be fully operational in 2024.FULL YEAR 2023 OUTLOOKFor the Fourth Quarter of the year  based on our assumptions and current market conditions  the Group expects:Improved International Tubes EBITDA due to the strong market environment and continued operational executiondue to the strong market environment and continued operational execution Lower Tubes pricing in the US   largely offset by a recovery in volumes  largely offset by a recovery in volumes Mine and Forest volumes to be down slightly to 1.7m tonnes with cost per tonne similar to Q3The Group increases its Full Year 2023 Outlook:Raising Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook to range between €1 075m and €1 175m Increased versus prior €950m – €1 100m range due to continued strong market environment in Eastern Hemisphere and solid operational performanceTotal cash generation to be positive in the fourth quarter 2023 excluding any potential benefit of asset salesexcluding any potential benefit of asset sales Net debt to decline further versus third quarter 2023 level excluding any potential benefit of asset salesInformation and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “may”  “assume”  “plan”  “intend”  “will”  “should”  “estimate”  “risk” and or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Company’s intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  Vallourec’s results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation. In addition  even if Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risks include those developed or identified in the public documents filed by Vallourec with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marches financiers  or “AMF”)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 17  2023  under filing number n° D.23-0293.Accordingly  readers of this document are cautioned against relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document. Vallourec disclaims any intention or obligation to complete  update or revise these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable laws and regulations. This press release does not constitute any offer to purchase or exchange  nor any solicitation of an offer to sell or exchange securities of Vallourec. or further information  please refer to the website https://www.vallourec.com/en .Presentation of Q3 2023 ResultsConference call / audio webcast on November 16th at 9:30 am CETTo listen to the audio webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20231116_1/To participate in the conference call  please dial (password: “Vallourec”):+44 (0) 33 0551 0200 (UK) +33 (0) 1 7037 7166 (France) +1 786 697 3501 (USA)Audio webcast replay and slides will be available at:https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMarch 1st 2024May 16th 2024May 23rd 2024 Release of Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 resultsRelease of First Quarter 2024 resultsAnnual General MeetingFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.com Press relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAPPENDICESDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Documents accompanying this release:Tubes Sales VolumeMine Sales VolumeForeign Exchange RatesTubes Revenues by Geographic RegionTubes Revenues by MarketSegment Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)Summary Consolidated Income StatementSummary Consolidated Balance SheetCash Flow GenerationIndebtednessLiquidityReconciliation of New Cash MetricsDefinitions of Non-GAAP Financial DataTubes Sales Volumein thousands of tonnes 2023 2022 YoY chg. Q1 431 395 9% Q2 396 433 (9%) Q3 343 462 (26%) Q4 514 Total 1 804Mine Sales Volumein millions of tonnes 2023 2022 YoY chg. Q1 1.5 0.1 nm Q2 1.9 1.0 94% Q3 1.8 1.5 21% Q4 1.4 Total 4.0Foreign Exchange RatesAverage exchange rate Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 EUR / USD 1.08 1.08 1.06 EUR / BRL 5.42 5.48 5.46 USD / BRL 5.01 5.07 5.14Tubes Revenues by Geographic Regionin € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ% chg. YoY% chg. North America 460 663 544 (31%) (16%) South America 198 229 212 (13%) (6%) Middle East 162 157 118 3% 37% Europe 116 102 135 14% (14%) Asia 80 73 100 10% (20%) Rest of World 52 56 87 (7%) (41%) Total Tubes 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%)Tubes Revenues by Marketin € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ% chg. YoY% chg. YoY % chg. at Constant FX Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals 845 1 039 885 (19%) (5%) 1% Industry 175 207 285 (15%) (38%) (37%) Other 48 33 27 47% 78% 132% Total Tubes 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%) (5%)Segment KPIsQ3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. TubesVolume sold* 343 396 462 (14%) (26%) Revenue (€m) 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%) Average Selling Price (€) 3 115 3 226 2 591 (3%) 20% EBITDA (€m) 193 330 168 (42%) 15% Capex (€m) 44 61 29 (28%) 52% Mine & ForestVolume sold* 1.8 1.9 1.5 (5%) 21% Revenue (€m) 88 93 82 (5%) 7% EBITDA (€m) 39 50 38 (22%) 1% Capex (€m) 6 5 24 20% (75%) H&ORevenue (€m) 47 51 43 (8%) 9% EBITDA (€m) (10) (5) (9) 100% 11% Int.Revenue (€m) (62) (65) (41) (5%) 51% EBITDA (€m) – (1) – nm nm TotalRevenue (€m) 1 142 1 358 1 282 (16%) (11%) EBITDA (€m) 222 374 198 (41%) 12% Capex (€m) 51 66 53 (23%) (4%) * Volume sold in thousand tonnes for Tubes and in million tonnes for Mine H&O = Holding & Other  Int. = Intersegment Transactions nm = not meaningfulSummary Consolidated Income Statement€ million  unless noted Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. Revenues 1 142 1 358 1 282 (216) (140) Cost of sales (818) (890) (1 004) 72 186 Industrial margin 324 468 278 (144) 46 (as a % of revenue) 28.4% 34.5% 21.7% (6.1) pp 6.7 pp Selling  general and administrative expenses (85) (84) (77) (1) (8) (as a % of revenue) (7.4%) (6.2%) (6.0%) (1.3) pp (1.4) pp Other (17) (10) (3) (7) (14) EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 (as a % of revenue) 19.4% 27.5% 15.4% (8.1) pp 4.0 pp Depreciation of industrial assets (41) (45) (47) 4 6 Amortization and other depreciation (9) (9) (11) – 2 Impairment of assets - (8) – Asset disposals  restructuring costs and non-recurring items (26) (55) (51) 29 25 Operating income (loss) 146 258 89 (112) 57 Financial income (loss) (22) (24) (30) 2 8 Pre-tax income (loss) 124 234 59 (110) 65 Income tax (44) (70) (53) 26 9 Share in net income (loss) of equity affiliates – 1 (1) (1) 1 Net income 81 164 6 (83) 75 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 5 – – 5 Net income  Group share 76 159 6 (83) 70 Basic earnings per share (€) 0.33 0.68 0.03 (0.35) 0.31 Diluted earnings per share (€) 0.32 0.68 0.03 (0.36) 0.30 Basic shares outstanding (millions) 229 233 229 (4) 0 Diluted shares outstanding (millions) 236 236 229 (1) 7Summary Consolidated Balance SheetIn € million Assets 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Liabilities 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Equity - Group share 2 120 1 643 Net intangible assets 45 37 Non-controlling interests 53 42 Goodwill 42 40 Total equity 2 173 1 685 Net property  plant and equipment 1 886 1 829 Bank loans and other borrowings (A) 1 352 1 367 Biological assets 74 63 Lease debt 43 51 Equity affiliates 16 16 Employee benefit commitments 84 105 Other non-current assets 181 187 Deferred taxes 87 52 Deferred taxes 271 238 Provisions and other long-term liabilities 304 297 Total non-current assets 2 515 2 409 Total non-current liabilities 1 870 1 871 Inventories 1 366 1 312 Provisions 300 355 Trade and other receivables 765 824 Overdraft & other short-term borrowings (B) 327 314 Derivatives - assets 32 41 Lease debt 18 20 Other current assets 285 211 Trade payables 819 787 Cash and cash equivalents (C)938552Derivatives - liabilities 44 36 Other current liabilities 354 286 Total current assets 3 386 2 939 Total current liabilities 1 862 1 797 Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 6 9 Liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations 2 4 Total assets 5 907 5 358 Total equity and liabilities 5 907 5 358 Net financial debt (A+B-C) 741 1 130 Net income (loss)  Group share 391 (366)Cash Flow GenerationIn € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 Non-cash items in EBITDA 11 (21) (39) 32 50 Financial cash out (8) (61) (9) 53 1 Tax payments (54) (60) (18) 6 (36) Adjusted operating cash flow 171 232 132 (61) 39 Change in working capital 97 8 (135) 89 232 Gross capital expenditure (51) (66) (54) 15 3 Adjusted free cash flow 217 174 (57) 43 274 Restructuring charges & non-recurring items (63) (59) (23) (4) (40) Asset disposals & other cash items (A) (4) 3 (13) (7) 9 Total cash generation (B) 150 118 (93) 32 243 Non-cash adjustments to net debt (23) 14 (12) (37) (11) (Increase) decrease in net debt 127 132 (105) (5) 232 Free cash flow  as previously defined (B-A) 154 115 (81) 39 235IndebtednessIn € million 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 8.500% Bonds due 2026 1 113 1 135 1.837% PGE due 2027 227 220 ACC ACE (a) 271 282 Other 68 43 Total gross financial indebtedness 1 679 1 681 Cash and cash equivalents 938 552 Total net financial indebtedness 741 1 130(a) Refers to ACC (Advances on Foreign Exchange Contract) and ACE (Advances on Export Shipment Documents) program in BrazilLiquidityIn € million 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Cash and cash equivalents 938 552 Available RCF 462 462 Available ABL (a) 190 189 Total liquidity 1 590 1 203(a) This $210m committed ABL is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on eligible accounts receivable and inventories  among other items. The borrowing base is currently in excess of the committed amount. Availability is shown net of approximately $9m of letters of credit and other items.Reconciliation of New Cash MetricsQ3 2022 Free Cash Flow Reconciliation Prior Naming Convention Prior Format Non-cash items in EBITDA (a) Restructuring & non-recurring items Other financial cash impacts Capital expenditures Other investing and financing cash impacts New Format Current Naming Convention EBITDA 198 – – – – – 198 EBITDA Provisions and other non-cash elements (36) (3) – – – – (39) Non-cash items in EBITDA Interest payments (8) – – (2) – – (9) Financial cash out Tax payments (18) – – – – – (18) Tax payments Other (including restructuring charges) (28) 3 23 2 – – – – Operating cash flow before change in WCR 108 – 23 – – – 132 Adjusted operating cash flow Change in operating WCR [+ decrease   - increase] (135) – – – – – (135) Change in working capital – – – – – (54) – (54) Gross capital expenditure Operating cash flow (27) – 23 – (54) – (57) Adjusted free cash flow Gross capital expenditure (54) – – – 54 – – – – – – (23) – – – (23) Restructuring charges & non-recurring items – – – – – – (12) (13) Asset disposals & other cash items Free cash flow (81) – – – – (12) (93) Total cash generation Assets disposal & other items (24) – – – – 12 (12) Non-cash adjustments to net debt Change in net debt [+ decrease  (increase)] (105) – – – – – (105) (Increase) decrease in net debtDEFINITIONS OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL DATAAdjusted free cash flow is defined as adjusted operating cash flow +/- change in operating working capital and gross capital expenditures. It corresponds to net cash used in operating activities less restructuring and non-recurring items +/- gross capital expenditure.Adjusted operating cash flow is defined as EBITDA adjusted for non-cash benefits and expenses  financial cash out and tax payments.Asset disposals and other cash items includes cash inflows from asset sales as well as other investing and financing cash flows.Change in working capital refers to the change in the operating working capital requirement.Data at constant exchange rates: The data presented “at constant exchange rates” is calculated by eliminating the translation effect into euros for the revenue of the Group’s entities whose functional currency is not the euro. The translation effect is eliminated by applying Year N-1 exchange rates to Year N revenue of the contemplated entities.EBITDA: Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization is calculated by taking operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization  and excluding certain operating revenues and expenses that are unusual in nature or occur rarely  such as:impairment of goodwill and non-current assets as determined within the scope of impairment tests carried out in accordance with IAS 36;significant restructuring expenses  particularly resulting from headcount reorganization measures  in respect of major events or decisions;capital gains or losses on disposals;income and expenses resulting from major litigation  significant roll-outs or capital transactions (e.g.  costs of integrating a new activity).Financial cash out includes interest payments on financial and lease debt  interest income and other financial costs.Free cash flow  as previously defined  may continue to be derived as follows: total cash generation - asset disposals & other cash items. This is also defined as EBITDA adjusted for changes in provisions  less interest and tax payments  changes in working capital  less gross capital expenditures  and less restructuring/other cash outflows.Gross capital expenditure: gross capital expenditure is defined as the sum of cash outflows for acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets and cash outflows for acquisitions of biological assets.(Increase) decrease in net debt (alternatively  “change in net debt”) is defined as total cash generation +/- non-cash adjustments to net debt.Industrial margin: The industrial margin is defined as the difference between revenue and cost of sales (i.e. after allocation of industrial variable costs and industrial fixed costs)  before depreciation.Lease debt is defined as the present value of unavoidable future lease payments.Net debt: Consolidated net debt (or “net financial debt”) is defined as bank loans and other borrowings plus overdrafts and other short-term borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes lease debt.Net working capital requirement is defined as working capital requirement net of provisions for inventories and trade receivables; net working capital requirement days are computed on an annualized quarterly sales basis.Non-cash adjustments to net debt includes non-cash foreign exchange impacts on debt balances  IFRS-defined fair value adjustments on debt balances  and other non-cash items.Non-cash items in EBITDA includes provisions and other non-cash items in EBITDA.Operating working capital requirement includes working capital requirement as well as other receivables and payables.Restructuring charges and non-recurring items consists primarily of the cash costs of executing the New Vallourec plan  including severance costs and other facility closure costs.Total cash generation is defined as adjusted free cash flow +/- restructuring charges and non-recurring items and asset disposals & other cash items. It corresponds to net cash used in operating activities +/- gross capital expenditure and asset disposals & other cash items.Working capital requirement is defined as trade receivables plus inventories minus trade payables (excluding provisions).a Excluding any potential benefit of asset salesb As provided on July 13  2023c Vallourec’s dividend policy would in any event be conditional upon the Board’s decision taking into account Vallourec’s results  its financial position including the deleveraging target and the potential restrictions applicable to the payment of dividends. Dividends would also be subject to shareholders’ approval.d $9 million letter of credit and other commitments issued as of September 30  2023e Free cash flow aligned with prior definition. See “Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Data” for more information.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.27,0.08,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2023 Results', 'Vallourec', 'November', '01', '31', '20% YoY average selling price increase', 'third quarter 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements', 'HIGHLIGHTS Strong Q3 2023 Cash Flow', 'robust Tubes profitability Tubes EBITDA', '0.3 million tonne YoY increase', 'The New Vallourec plan', 'Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook', 'Third Quarter Results Analysis', 'outright price improvement', 'CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSIS', 'free cash flow', 'new OCTG orders', 'Total cash generation', 'premium tubes business', 'strong market environment', 'strong operational execution', 'strong market conditions', 'premium tubular solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'higher-end tubular products', 'latest third-party surveys', 'constant exchange rates', 'strong operating performance', 'International tubes demand', 'solid operational performance', 'current invoice prices', 'US distributor inventories', 'capacity enhancement program', 'cash forest revaluation', 'Iron ore volume', 'Net debt outlook', 'third quarter 2023 level', 'customer ordering activity', 'Third Quarter 2023 Results', 'higher sales volumes', 'zero net debt', 'Eastern Hemisphere Mine', 'Tubes volume', 'full benefit', 'Gas Tubes', 'market prices', 'stable YoY', 'YoY reduction', 'YoY chg', 'customer activity', 'Forest EBITDA', 'operational improvements', 'fourth quarter', 'US bookings', 'Q3 2023 level', 'international markets', 'Gas volumes', 'premiumization program', 'Operating income', 'Group EBITDA', 'drilling activity', 'asset sales', 'volume strategy', 'Net income', 'past year', 'Communiqué officiel', 'world leader', 'November 14th', 'Q4 2023a', 'mine production', 'FY 2023 Outlookb', 'potential benefit', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'significant capital', 'core markets', 'multi-year upturn', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'multi-year lows', 'early signs', 'small declines', 'production activities', 'many areas', 'significant opportunities', 'Key Data', 'QoQ chg', 'lower deliveries', 'North America', '20% price/mix effect', 'currency effect', 'volume decrease', 'Vallourec SA', 'Group share', 'significant deleveraging', 'k tonnes', 'Group revenues', 'Q3 2022', '1% Mine', 'Meudon', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', 'pricing', 'near-term', 'continued', 'Chairman', 'half', 'path', 'year-end', 'shareholders', 'reflection', 'value', 'recovery', 'imports', 'track', 'Germany', 'project', 'schedule', 'expectations', 'Brazil', 'transfer', 'Oil', 'investment', 'China', 'progress', 'Q2', 'Adj', 'Industry', 'Europe', 'strength', '70']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,marketscreener.com
32864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/16/2781546/0/en/Vallourec-Third-Quarter-2023-Results.html,Vallourec: Third Quarter 2023 Results,Meudon (France)  November 16  2023  Vallourec  a world leader in premium tubular solutions  announces today its results for the third quarter 2023. The......,Meudon (France)  November 16  2023Vallourec  a world leader in premium tubular solutions  announces today its results for the third quarter 2023. The Board of Directors of Vallourec SA  meeting on November 14th 2023  approved the Group's third quarter 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.Third Quarter 2023 ResultsEBITDA of €222 million in Q3 driven by robust Tubes profitabilityNet debt halved year-over-year: reduced from €1 493m to €741mInternational tubes demand and pricing continue to increaseUS bookings have recovered  market prices expected to stabilize in near-termFull Year 2023 EBITDA outlook increased: now expected to range from €1 075m to €1 175m versus prior €950m to €1 100mNet debt outlook improved: now expected to decline further versus the Q3 2023 level in Q4 2023aHIGHLIGHTSStrong Q3 2023 Cash FlowEBITDA of €222 million (up €24 million YoY) driven by robust Tubes profitability Tubes EBITDA of €193 million (up €25 million YoY) supported by a 20% YoY average selling price increase and strong operating performance in Eastern Hemisphere Mine & Forest EBITDA of €39 million (stable YoY): ~0.3 million tonne YoY increase in mine production sold was offset by YoY reduction in non-cash forest revaluation (IAS 41)(up €24 million YoY) driven by robust Tubes profitability Adjusted free cash flow of €217 millionNet debt halved year-over-year: reduced from €1 493 million to €741 millionIncreased FY 2023 OutlookbRaising Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook to range between €1 075 million and €1 175 million Increased versus prior €950m – €1 100m range due to continued strong market environment in Eastern Hemisphere and solid operational performanceTotal cash generation to be positive in the fourth quarter 2023 excluding any potential benefit of asset salesexcluding any potential benefit of asset sales Net debt to decline further versus third quarter 2023 level excluding any potential benefit of asset salesPhilippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer  declared:“The third quarter of 2023 marked yet another quarter of strong operational execution and significant deleveraging. Vallourec has now cut its net debt in half over the past year. We are progressing very well on the path to reaching zero net debt by year-end 2025 at the latest. Following our deleveraging  we aim to return significant capital to our shareholders  potentially as early as 2025c.“Looking at our core markets  it is clear we remain in a multi-year upturn for the premium tubes business. In international markets and especially the Middle East  customer activity remains strong. Pricing on new OCTG orders continues to exceed current invoice prices  a reflection of strong market conditions and our value over volume strategy.“In the United States  as expected  we saw a recovery in customer ordering activity in the third quarter  which will drive higher sales volumes in the fourth quarter. US distributor inventories have been steadily declining  imports have continued to fall to multi-year lows  and drilling activity has stabilized. As such  we remain confident that pricing will stabilize in the near-term. We have already seen early signs of this  with higher-end tubular products showing either very small declines or outright price improvement in the latest third-party surveys.“The New Vallourec plan is on track. Our production activities in Germany will be finalized imminently. This project has been executed ahead of schedule and with results that exceeded our expectations. Our capacity enhancement program in Brazil  which will enable the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany  is on track. We expect to see the full benefit of this investment in 2024. Elsewhere  we are further progressing our premiumization program in China  and we are accelerating our operational improvements in Brazil. As we near the end of 2023  I am very pleased with the progress we have made in many areas  and still see significant opportunities ahead for the Group.”Key Datain € million  unless noted Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. Tubes volume sold (k tonnes) 343 396 462 (54) (119) Iron ore volume sold (m tonnes) 1.8 1.9 1.5 (0.1) 0.3 Group revenues 1 142 1 358 1 282 (216) (140) Group EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 (as a % of revenue) 19.4% 27.5% 15.4% (8.1) pp 4.0 pp Operating income (loss) 146 258 89 (112) 57 Net income  Group share 76 159 6 (83) 70 Free cash flow  as previously defined 154 115 (81) 39 235 Adj. free cash flow 217 174 (57) 43 274 Total cash generation 150 118 (93) 32 243 Net debt 741 868 1 493 (127) (752)CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSISThird Quarter Results AnalysisIn the Third Quarter of 2023  Vallourec recorded revenues of €1 142 million  down 11% year-on-year ((5%) at constant exchange rates). The decrease in Group revenues reflects:(26%) volume decrease mainly driven by lower deliveries in Industry in Europe and Oil & Gas Tubes in North America20% price/mix effect1% Mine and Forest(5%) currency effect mainly related to the strengthening of the Euro versus the US dollarIn the Third Quarter of 2023  EBITDA amounted to €222 million compared to €198 million in Q3 2022; the Group EBITDA margin reached 19.4% of revenues versus 15.4% in Q3 2022. For the Group  the EBITDA increase reflects:An industrial margin of €324 million  or 28.4% of revenues   versus €278 million or 21.7% of revenues in Q3 2022.  versus €278 million or 21.7% of revenues in Q3 2022. Selling  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) of €85 million or 7.4% of revenues  versus €77 million or 6.0% in Q3 2022.Operating income was positive at €146 million  compared to €89 million in Q3 2022  mainly explained by higher EBITDA and lower charges related to adaptation measures in Germany.Financial income (loss) was negative at (€22) million  compared to (€30) million in Q3 2022; net interest expense in Q3 2023 stood at (€21) million compared to (€25) million in Q3 2022.Income tax amounted to (€44) million compared to (€53) million in Q3 2022.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €76 million  compared to €6 million in Q3 2022.First Nine Month Results AnalysisOver the first nine months of 2023  Vallourec recorded revenues of €3 838 million  up 15% year-on-year (+16% at constant exchange rates). The increase in Group revenues reflects:(9%) volume decrease mainly driven by lower deliveries in Industry in Europe23% price/mix effect3% Mine and Forest(1%) currency effect mainly related to the strengthening of the Euro versus the US dollarOver the first nine months of 2023  EBITDA amounted to €916 million compared to €403 million in 9M 2022; the Group EBITDA margin reached 23.9% of revenues versus 12.1% in 9M 2022. For the Group  the EBITDA increase reflects:An industrial margin of €1 204 million  or 31.4% of revenues   versus €661 million or 19.8% of revenues in 9M 2022.  versus €661 million or 19.8% of revenues in 9M 2022. Selling  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) of €248 million or 6.5% of revenues  versus €260 million or 7.8% in 9M 2022.Operating income was positive at €661 million. Over the first nine months of 2022  operating income was negative at (€286) million resulting mainly from provisions related to the adaptation measures (European social plans and associated fees) and  to a lesser extent  from provisions for non-recurring costs in respect of the mine incident.Financial income (loss) was negative at (€92) million  compared to (€51) million in 9M 2022; net interest expense in 9M 2023 stood at (€74) million compared to (€70) million in 9M 2022.Income tax amounted to (€167) million compared to (€104) million in 9M 2022.This resulted in positive net income  Group share  of €391 million  compared to (€444) million in 9M 2022.RESULTS ANALYSIS BY SEGMENTTubesIn Q3 2023  Tubes revenues were down 11% YoY due to lower shipments. Tubes EBITDA rose from €168 million in Q3 2022 to €193 million due to a 20% increase in the average selling price per tonne. Consequently  EBITDA per tonne improved from €364 per tonne to €563 per tonne.Over the first nine months of 2023  Tubes revenues were up 13% due to higher pricing. Tubes EBITDA more than doubled to reach €802 million; a 24% increase in the average selling price per tonne more than offset the lower volumes. Over the period  EBITDA per tonne increased by 151% to reach €686 per tonne.Mine & ForestIn Q3 2023  iron ore production sold reached 1.8 million tonnes  increasing by 21% year-over-year but down slightly sequentially. Consequently  iron ore mine production sold over the first nine months of 2023 amounted to 5.2 million tonnes.Mine & Forest revenues in Q3 2023 reached €88 million  increasing year-over-year in line with market prices (€82 million in Q3 2022). In Q3 2023  Mine & Forest EBITDA reached €39 million  leading to an EBITDA margin of 44%.Mine & Forest revenues over the first nine months of 2023 reached €274 million  compared to €175 million in 9M 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  Mine & Forest EBITDA reached €137 million  leading to an EBITDA margin of 50%.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL POSITIONCash Flow Results AnalysisIn Q3 2023  adjusted operating cash flow improved to €171 million  compared to €132 million in Q3 2022. The increase in cash EBITDA more than offset the higher income tax payments. Over the first nine months of 2023  adjusted operating cash flow rose significantly by €457 million to reach €702 million  mainly driven by increased EBITDA and despite higher financial and tax cash-out.In Q3 2023  working capital was reduced by €97 million  versus an increase of €135 million in Q3 2022. The net working capital requirement stood at 105 days of sales  compared to 118 days in Q3 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  the working capital requirement decreased by €53 million  versus a substantial increase of €538 million in 9M 2022.Gross capital expenditure was €51 million in Q3 2023 (compared to €54 million in Q3 2022) and amounted to €170 million over the first nine months of 2023 in comparison with €113 million in 9M 2022.For the full year  gross capital expenditure is expected to be around €220 million  including approximately €70 million of capital expenditure related to the transfer of Oil & Gas volumes from Germany to Brazil.In Q3 2023  adjusted free cash flow was positive at €217 million  while it was negative at (€57) million in Q3 2022. Over the first nine months of 2023  adjusted free cash flow stood at €585 million driven by improved EBITDA as well as efficient working capital management (compared to a negative (€406) million in 9M 2022).In Q3 2023  total cash generation stood at €150 million  which includes the negative impact of €63 million restructuring charges and other non-recurring items. Over the first nine months of 2023  total cash generation amounted to €419 million  compared to a negative (€523) million in 9M 2022.In Q3 2023  free cash flow  as previously defined  was €154 million  compared to (€81) million in Q3 2022  and it was €416 million for the first nine months of 2023 compared to (€482) million in 9M 2022.Net Debt and LiquidityAs of September 30  2023  net debt stood at €741 million  a significant decrease compared to €1 493 million on September 30  2022. Gross debt amounted to €1.7 billion including €54 million of fair value adjustment under IFRS 9 which will be reversed over the life of the debt. Long-term debt amounted to €1.4 billion and short-term debt totaled €327 million.As of September 30  2023  lease debt stood at €61 million following the application of IFRS 16 standards  compared to €71 million on December 31  2022.As of September 30  2023  the liquidity position was very strong at €1 590 million  with cash amounting to €938 million  availability on our revolving credit facility (RCF) of €462 million  and availability on an asset-backed loan (ABL) of €190 million (d). The Group has no long-term debt repayments scheduled before June 2026.THE NEW VALLOUREC PLANThe New Vallourec plan  announced in May 2022  remains fully on track. The plan aims to generate €230 million of recurring EBITDA uplift versus 2021 and an approximately €20 million capex reduction with the full impact starting in Q2 2024. These actions will contribute to making the Group cycle-proof and generating positive free cash flowe  before the change in working capital  even at the bottom of the cycle.The closure of sites in Europe is ahead of schedule. Employees at the sites to be closed in Europe began to leave the company in Q1 2023. The last wave of departures is expected in 2024  including those colleagues in Germany who are supporting the dismantling operation in that year. The Brazil capacity enhancement program  which will expand the capabilities of our South America Tubes operations  is on-track. The full benefit of the oil & gas volume transfer to Brazil is expected in 2024. We are now accelerating our operational improvement program in the country.In China  we are well advanced in executing our premiumization strategy. Finally  in Saudi Arabia  we anticipate our regional capacity expansion will be fully operational in 2024.FULL YEAR 2023 OUTLOOKFor the Fourth Quarter of the year  based on our assumptions and current market conditions  the Group expects:Improved International Tubes EBITDA due to the strong market environment and continued operational executiondue to the strong market environment and continued operational execution Lower Tubes pricing in the US   largely offset by a recovery in volumes  largely offset by a recovery in volumes Mine and Forest volumes to be down slightly to 1.7m tonnes with cost per tonne similar to Q3The Group increases its Full Year 2023 Outlook:Raising Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook to range between €1 075m and €1 175m Increased versus prior €950m – €1 100m range due to continued strong market environment in Eastern Hemisphere and solid operational performanceTotal cash generation to be positive in the fourth quarter 2023 excluding any potential benefit of asset salesexcluding any potential benefit of asset sales Net debt to decline further versus third quarter 2023 level excluding any potential benefit of asset salesInformation and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “may”  “assume”  “plan”  “intend”  “will”  “should”  “estimate”  “risk” and or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Company’s intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  Vallourec’s results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth  strategies and the industries in which they operate. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation. In addition  even if Vallourec’s or any of its affiliates’ results of operations  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. These risks include those developed or identified in the public documents filed by Vallourec with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marches financiers  or “AMF”)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 17  2023  under filing number n° D.23-0293.Accordingly  readers of this document are cautioned against relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document. Vallourec disclaims any intention or obligation to complete  update or revise these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by applicable laws and regulations. This press release does not constitute any offer to purchase or exchange  nor any solicitation of an offer to sell or exchange securities of Vallourec. or further information  please refer to the website https://www.vallourec.com/en .Presentation of Q3 2023 ResultsConference call / audio webcast on November 16th at 9:30 am CETTo listen to the audio webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20231116_1/To participate in the conference call  please dial (password: “Vallourec”):+44 (0) 33 0551 0200 (UK) +33 (0) 1 7037 7166 (France) +1 786 697 3501 (USA)Audio webcast replay and slides will be available at:https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.Financial CalendarMarch 1st 2024May 16th 2024May 23rd 2024 Release of Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 resultsRelease of First Quarter 2024 resultsAnnual General MeetingFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsConnor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.com Press relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAPPENDICESDue to rounding  numbers presented throughout this and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.Documents accompanying this release:Tubes Sales VolumeMine Sales VolumeForeign Exchange RatesTubes Revenues by Geographic RegionTubes Revenues by MarketSegment Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)Summary Consolidated Income StatementSummary Consolidated Balance SheetCash Flow GenerationIndebtednessLiquidityReconciliation of New Cash MetricsDefinitions of Non-GAAP Financial DataTubes Sales Volumein thousands of tonnes 2023 2022 YoY chg. Q1 431 395 9% Q2 396 433 (9%) Q3 343 462 (26%) Q4 514 Total 1 804Mine Sales Volumein millions of tonnes 2023 2022 YoY chg. Q1 1.5 0.1 nm Q2 1.9 1.0 94% Q3 1.8 1.5 21% Q4 1.4 Total 4.0Foreign Exchange RatesAverage exchange rate Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 EUR / USD 1.08 1.08 1.06 EUR / BRL 5.42 5.48 5.46 USD / BRL 5.01 5.07 5.14Tubes Revenues by Geographic Regionin € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ% chg. YoY% chg. North America 460 663 544 (31%) (16%) South America 198 229 212 (13%) (6%) Middle East 162 157 118 3% 37% Europe 116 102 135 14% (14%) Asia 80 73 100 10% (20%) Rest of World 52 56 87 (7%) (41%) Total Tubes 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%)Tubes Revenues by Marketin € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ% chg. YoY% chg. YoY % chg. at Constant FX Oil & Gas and Petrochemicals 845 1 039 885 (19%) (5%) 1% Industry 175 207 285 (15%) (38%) (37%) Other 48 33 27 47% 78% 132% Total Tubes 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%) (5%)Segment KPIsQ3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. TubesVolume sold* 343 396 462 (14%) (26%) Revenue (€m) 1 068 1 279 1 197 (16%) (11%) Average Selling Price (€) 3 115 3 226 2 591 (3%) 20% EBITDA (€m) 193 330 168 (42%) 15% Capex (€m) 44 61 29 (28%) 52% Mine & ForestVolume sold* 1.8 1.9 1.5 (5%) 21% Revenue (€m) 88 93 82 (5%) 7% EBITDA (€m) 39 50 38 (22%) 1% Capex (€m) 6 5 24 20% (75%) H&ORevenue (€m) 47 51 43 (8%) 9% EBITDA (€m) (10) (5) (9) 100% 11% Int.Revenue (€m) (62) (65) (41) (5%) 51% EBITDA (€m) – (1) – nm nm TotalRevenue (€m) 1 142 1 358 1 282 (16%) (11%) EBITDA (€m) 222 374 198 (41%) 12% Capex (€m) 51 66 53 (23%) (4%) * Volume sold in thousand tonnes for Tubes and in million tonnes for Mine H&O = Holding & Other  Int. = Intersegment Transactions nm = not meaningfulSummary Consolidated Income Statement€ million  unless noted Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. Revenues 1 142 1 358 1 282 (216) (140) Cost of sales (818) (890) (1 004) 72 186 Industrial margin 324 468 278 (144) 46 (as a % of revenue) 28.4% 34.5% 21.7% (6.1) pp 6.7 pp Selling  general and administrative expenses (85) (84) (77) (1) (8) (as a % of revenue) (7.4%) (6.2%) (6.0%) (1.3) pp (1.4) pp Other (17) (10) (3) (7) (14) EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 (as a % of revenue) 19.4% 27.5% 15.4% (8.1) pp 4.0 pp Depreciation of industrial assets (41) (45) (47) 4 6 Amortization and other depreciation (9) (9) (11) – 2 Impairment of assets - (8) – Asset disposals  restructuring costs and non-recurring items (26) (55) (51) 29 25 Operating income (loss) 146 258 89 (112) 57 Financial income (loss) (22) (24) (30) 2 8 Pre-tax income (loss) 124 234 59 (110) 65 Income tax (44) (70) (53) 26 9 Share in net income (loss) of equity affiliates – 1 (1) (1) 1 Net income 81 164 6 (83) 75 Attributable to non-controlling interests 5 5 – – 5 Net income  Group share 76 159 6 (83) 70 Basic earnings per share (€) 0.33 0.68 0.03 (0.35) 0.31 Diluted earnings per share (€) 0.32 0.68 0.03 (0.36) 0.30 Basic shares outstanding (millions) 229 233 229 (4) 0 Diluted shares outstanding (millions) 236 236 229 (1) 7Summary Consolidated Balance SheetIn € million Assets 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Liabilities 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Equity - Group share 2 120 1 643 Net intangible assets 45 37 Non-controlling interests 53 42 Goodwill 42 40 Total equity 2 173 1 685 Net property  plant and equipment 1 886 1 829 Bank loans and other borrowings (A) 1 352 1 367 Biological assets 74 63 Lease debt 43 51 Equity affiliates 16 16 Employee benefit commitments 84 105 Other non-current assets 181 187 Deferred taxes 87 52 Deferred taxes 271 238 Provisions and other long-term liabilities 304 297 Total non-current assets 2 515 2 409 Total non-current liabilities 1 870 1 871 Inventories 1 366 1 312 Provisions 300 355 Trade and other receivables 765 824 Overdraft & other short-term borrowings (B) 327 314 Derivatives - assets 32 41 Lease debt 18 20 Other current assets 285 211 Trade payables 819 787 Cash and cash equivalents (C)938552Derivatives - liabilities 44 36 Other current liabilities 354 286 Total current assets 3 386 2 939 Total current liabilities 1 862 1 797 Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 6 9 Liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations 2 4 Total assets 5 907 5 358 Total equity and liabilities 5 907 5 358 Net financial debt (A+B-C) 741 1 130 Net income (loss)  Group share 391 (366)Cash Flow GenerationIn € million Q3 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2022 QoQ chg. YoY chg. EBITDA 222 374 198 (152) 24 Non-cash items in EBITDA 11 (21) (39) 32 50 Financial cash out (8) (61) (9) 53 1 Tax payments (54) (60) (18) 6 (36) Adjusted operating cash flow 171 232 132 (61) 39 Change in working capital 97 8 (135) 89 232 Gross capital expenditure (51) (66) (54) 15 3 Adjusted free cash flow 217 174 (57) 43 274 Restructuring charges & non-recurring items (63) (59) (23) (4) (40) Asset disposals & other cash items (A) (4) 3 (13) (7) 9 Total cash generation (B) 150 118 (93) 32 243 Non-cash adjustments to net debt (23) 14 (12) (37) (11) (Increase) decrease in net debt 127 132 (105) (5) 232 Free cash flow  as previously defined (B-A) 154 115 (81) 39 235IndebtednessIn € million 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 8.500% Bonds due 2026 1 113 1 135 1.837% PGE due 2027 227 220 ACC ACE (a) 271 282 Other 68 43 Total gross financial indebtedness 1 679 1 681 Cash and cash equivalents 938 552 Total net financial indebtedness 741 1 130(a) Refers to ACC (Advances on Foreign Exchange Contract) and ACE (Advances on Export Shipment Documents) program in BrazilLiquidityIn € million 30-Sep-23 31-Dec-22 Cash and cash equivalents 938 552 Available RCF 462 462 Available ABL (a) 190 189 Total liquidity 1 590 1 203(a) This $210m committed ABL is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on eligible accounts receivable and inventories  among other items. The borrowing base is currently in excess of the committed amount. Availability is shown net of approximately $9m of letters of credit and other items.Reconciliation of New Cash MetricsQ3 2022 Free Cash Flow Reconciliation Prior Naming Convention Prior Format Non-cash items in EBITDA (a) Restructuring & non-recurring items Other financial cash impacts Capital expenditures Other investing and financing cash impacts New Format Current Naming Convention EBITDA 198 – – – – – 198 EBITDA Provisions and other non-cash elements (36) (3) – – – – (39) Non-cash items in EBITDA Interest payments (8) – – (2) – – (9) Financial cash out Tax payments (18) – – – – – (18) Tax payments Other (including restructuring charges) (28) 3 23 2 – – – – Operating cash flow before change in WCR 108 – 23 – – – 132 Adjusted operating cash flow Change in operating WCR [+ decrease   - increase] (135) – – – – – (135) Change in working capital – – – – – (54) – (54) Gross capital expenditure Operating cash flow (27) – 23 – (54) – (57) Adjusted free cash flow Gross capital expenditure (54) – – – 54 – – – – – – (23) – – – (23) Restructuring charges & non-recurring items – – – – – – (12) (13) Asset disposals & other cash items Free cash flow (81) – – – – (12) (93) Total cash generation Assets disposal & other items (24) – – – – 12 (12) Non-cash adjustments to net debt Change in net debt [+ decrease  (increase)] (105) – – – – – (105) (Increase) decrease in net debtDEFINITIONS OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL DATAAdjusted free cash flow is defined as adjusted operating cash flow +/- change in operating working capital and gross capital expenditures. It corresponds to net cash used in operating activities less restructuring and non-recurring items +/- gross capital expenditure.Adjusted operating cash flow is defined as EBITDA adjusted for non-cash benefits and expenses  financial cash out and tax payments.Asset disposals and other cash items includes cash inflows from asset sales as well as other investing and financing cash flows.Change in working capital refers to the change in the operating working capital requirement.Data at constant exchange rates: The data presented “at constant exchange rates” is calculated by eliminating the translation effect into euros for the revenue of the Group’s entities whose functional currency is not the euro. The translation effect is eliminated by applying Year N-1 exchange rates to Year N revenue of the contemplated entities.EBITDA: Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization is calculated by taking operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization  and excluding certain operating revenues and expenses that are unusual in nature or occur rarely  such as:impairment of goodwill and non-current assets as determined within the scope of impairment tests carried out in accordance with IAS 36;significant restructuring expenses  particularly resulting from headcount reorganization measures  in respect of major events or decisions;capital gains or losses on disposals;income and expenses resulting from major litigation  significant roll-outs or capital transactions (e.g.  costs of integrating a new activity).Financial cash out includes interest payments on financial and lease debt  interest income and other financial costs.Free cash flow  as previously defined  may continue to be derived as follows: total cash generation - asset disposals & other cash items. This is also defined as EBITDA adjusted for changes in provisions  less interest and tax payments  changes in working capital  less gross capital expenditures  and less restructuring/other cash outflows.Gross capital expenditure: gross capital expenditure is defined as the sum of cash outflows for acquisitions of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets and cash outflows for acquisitions of biological assets.(Increase) decrease in net debt (alternatively  “change in net debt”) is defined as total cash generation +/- non-cash adjustments to net debt.Industrial margin: The industrial margin is defined as the difference between revenue and cost of sales (i.e. after allocation of industrial variable costs and industrial fixed costs)  before depreciation.Lease debt is defined as the present value of unavoidable future lease payments.Net debt: Consolidated net debt (or “net financial debt”) is defined as bank loans and other borrowings plus overdrafts and other short-term borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents. Net debt excludes lease debt.Net working capital requirement is defined as working capital requirement net of provisions for inventories and trade receivables; net working capital requirement days are computed on an annualized quarterly sales basis.Non-cash adjustments to net debt includes non-cash foreign exchange impacts on debt balances  IFRS-defined fair value adjustments on debt balances  and other non-cash items.Non-cash items in EBITDA includes provisions and other non-cash items in EBITDA.Operating working capital requirement includes working capital requirement as well as other receivables and payables.Restructuring charges and non-recurring items consists primarily of the cash costs of executing the New Vallourec plan  including severance costs and other facility closure costs.Total cash generation is defined as adjusted free cash flow +/- restructuring charges and non-recurring items and asset disposals & other cash items. It corresponds to net cash used in operating activities +/- gross capital expenditure and asset disposals & other cash items.Working capital requirement is defined as trade receivables plus inventories minus trade payables (excluding provisions).a Excluding any potential benefit of asset salesb As provided on July 13  2023c Vallourec’s dividend policy would in any event be conditional upon the Board’s decision taking into account Vallourec’s results  its financial position including the deleveraging target and the potential restrictions applicable to the payment of dividends. Dividends would also be subject to shareholders’ approval.d $9 million letter of credit and other commitments issued as of September 30  2023e Free cash flow aligned with prior definition. See “Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Data” for more information.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.66,0.24,0.1,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2023 Results', 'Vallourec', '20% YoY average selling price increase', 'third quarter 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements', 'HIGHLIGHTS Strong Q3 2023 Cash Flow', 'robust Tubes profitability Tubes EBITDA', '0.3 million tonne YoY increase', 'The New Vallourec plan', 'Full Year 2023 EBITDA outlook', 'Third Quarter Results Analysis', 'outright price improvement', 'CONSOLIDATED RESULTS ANALYSIS', 'free cash flow', 'new OCTG orders', 'Total cash generation', 'premium tubes business', 'strong market environment', 'strong operational execution', 'strong market conditions', 'premium tubular solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'higher-end tubular products', 'latest third-party surveys', 'constant exchange rates', 'strong operating performance', 'International tubes demand', 'solid operational performance', 'current invoice prices', 'capacity enhancement program', 'cash forest revaluation', 'Iron ore volume', 'Net debt outlook', 'US distributor inventories', 'third quarter 2023 level', 'customer ordering activity', 'Third Quarter 2023 Results', 'higher sales volumes', 'zero net debt', 'Eastern Hemisphere Mine', 'Tubes volume', 'full benefit', 'Gas Tubes', 'market prices', 'stable YoY', 'YoY reduction', 'YoY chg', 'customer activity', 'Forest EBITDA', 'operational improvements', 'fourth quarter', 'Q3 2023 level', 'international markets', 'Gas volumes', 'premiumization program', 'Operating income', 'drilling activity', 'asset sales', 'volume strategy', 'Net income', 'Group EBITDA', 'past year', 'world leader', 'November 14th', 'US bookings', 'Q4 2023a', 'mine production', 'FY 2023 Outlookb', 'potential benefit', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'significant capital', 'core markets', 'multi-year upturn', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'multi-year lows', 'early signs', 'small declines', 'production activities', 'many areas', 'significant opportunities', 'Key Data', 'QoQ chg', 'k tonnes', 'm tonnes', 'lower deliveries', 'North America', '20% price/mix effect', 'currency effect', 'Vallourec SA', 'volume decrease', 'significant deleveraging', 'Group revenues', 'Q3 2022', '1% Mine', 'Meudon', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', 'pricing', 'near-term', 'continued', 'Chairman', 'half', 'path', 'year-end', 'shareholders', 'reflection', 'value', 'recovery', 'imports', 'track', 'Germany', 'project', 'schedule', 'expectations', 'Brazil', 'transfer', 'Oil', 'investment', 'China', 'progress', 'Q2', 'Adj', 'Industry', 'Europe', 'strengthening', '70']",2023-11-16,2023-11-17,globenewswire.com
32865,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/commercial-reports/lucky-winners-take-the-honours-at-gala-showcase-of-irish-corporate-reporting/,Lucky winners take the honours at gala showcase of Irish corporate reporting,At a glittering event which took place at the Shelbourne Hotel in Dublin on November 9  finalists for the 46th Published Accounts Awards (PAA) gathered to celebrate and honour the winners of the 14 accolades  which included 13 individual awards and one overall winner.,CRH is named as overall winner while Concern  CIÉ and daa were among others rewarded for their hard workAt a glittering event which took place at the Shelbourne Hotel in Dublin on November 9  finalists for the 46th Published Accounts Awards (PAA) gathered to celebrate and honour the winners of the 14 accolades  which included 13 individual awards and one overall winner.With special guest  MC Colm O’Regan  the awards displayed the ‘Best in Class’ in corporate reporting  as well as recognising companies for their achievements across areas such as sustainability and ESG  diversity and inclusion  and branding.This year’s shortlist included 10 not-for-profit organisations and 28 public and private companies.Sponsored by Euronext Dublin  Aisling McArdle  head of admissions  said  “The awards present the perfect opportunity to recognise and reward the companies that have demonstrated their determination and commitment to improving over the past year.”“The event celebrates companies for their excellence in reporting  and have evolved over the years to now include a number of focus areas ” said PAA chair  Lisa Gilligan  who is a director in the financial services advisory department at Grant Thornton.“It is a prestigious event in our Leinster Society calendar and I am delighted to have led this year’s awards.”“Year on year the judges acknowledge how difficult it is to select winners across all award categories  which illustrates the improvements in reporting across all entrants. Congratulations to all our worthy winners.”One of the companies that was delighted to pick up an award on the night was ESB; Paul O’Riordan  group financial performance manager  says recognition means a lot to the organisation.“ESB is delighted that our 2022 Annual Report was recognised as best in class in the Statutory or Unquoted Entity (IFRS) category ” he said.“Our annual report continues to be a key document in providing stakeholders with an overview of our financial and non-financial performance  as well as the progress being made on ESB’s Net Zero by 2040 Strategy.“Enormous effort goes into ensuring the quality  accuracy and transparency of the reporting in ESB’s Annual Report from teams from across the organisation  in consultation with our design partners Source Design. It is fantastic to see this effort being recognised once again.”Previous Next Image 1 of 7 Dalata Hotel Group won the Diversity and Inclusion Award — Listed or Unlisted Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Seán McKeon  Dalata and Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023. Photo by Iain White Image 2 of 7 Concern won the Diversity and Inclusion Award — Not for Profit Category at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Brigette Compton and Barra Ó Fianáil  Concern  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 3 of 7 Bank of Ireland won the Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award — Listed Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Kieran Fitzpatrick  Ciaran McGrath  Maurice Keenan and Alan Crumlish  Bank of Ireland and Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023. Photo by Iain White Image 4 of 7 CIÉ Group won the Sustainability and ESG Reporting Award — Unlisted Entity at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Kate Farrell  CIÉ Group and Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023. Photo by Iain White Image 5 of 7 daa won the Branding  Communication & Digital Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Miriam Ryan  daa and Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023. Photo by Iain White Image 6 of 7 Origin Enterprises won the Euronext Growth Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Brian Forristal  Origin Enterprises and Des Gibney  chair of Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 7 of 7 Barretstown won the Small/Medium Not for Profit Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Catriona Haverty  Dee Ahearn and Mairead Forristal  Barretstown  and Des Gibney  chairperson of Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society. Photo by Iain White PhotographyBut choosing the winners was not easy. Dr Caroline McGroary  chartered accountant  lecturer in accounting at Dublin City University and Fulbright Scholar in Cybersecurity at Boston College  has been a judge of the Published Accounts Awards for over 10 years and says they are a very important event in the annual calendar.“High-quality financial reporting  as well as Sustainability and ESG reporting  are now more important than ever to investors and other stakeholders ” she said.“The Published Accounts Awards recognises this and encourages Irish companies to adopt best practice in their annual reports and to improve the standard of their reporting each year.“All the judges agreed that the standard of annual reports  across all these areas  has improved vastly over the last number of years  making it very difficult to choose the winners. As a result  we were looking for ways in which organisations differentiated their reporting in each of these areas.”Fellow judge  professor Danielle McWall  who is head of the Department of Accounting  Finance and Economics at Ulster University  agrees and says it is important to recognise a job well done.Previous Next Image 1 of 7 Barnardos won the Large Not for Profit Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext  Martin Hannigan  Barnardos  and Des Gibney  chairperson of Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 2 of 7 DCC won the Company Listed on a Foreign Market Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Miles Williams  DCC  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 3 of 7 ESB won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (IFRS) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Paul O’Riordan and Niall McNabb  ESB  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 4 of 7 Coillte won the Statutory or Unlisted Entity (Non-IFRS) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Aoife Donohoe  Coillte  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 5 of 7 Glenveagh Properties won the Euronext Dublin (SME <€1bn) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Chloe McCarthy  Glenveagh Properties  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 6 of 7 CRH won the Euronext Dublin (Large Cap >€1bn) Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Natasha Magill  CRH  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography Image 7 of 7 CRH won the Overall Award at the Published Accounts Awards 2023. From left: Des Gibney  chairperson of Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society  Lisa Gilligan  chair of PAA 2023  Natasha Magill  CRH  Niall Jones  head of listing at Euronext  and Aisling McArdle  head of admissions at Euronext. Photo by Iain White Photography“The awards ceremony is a wonderful opportunity for the shortlisted companies and their accountants  auditors and business advisers to get together to celebrate excellence in financial reporting ” she said.“I have been involved in the awards since 2018  as a judge specialising in the not-for-profit category  and every year it gets more and more difficult to select an ultimate winner.“The margins are so tight between the shortlisted entries  and anyone that is shortlisted has to be immensely proud of themselves.“Obviously a completely error-free set of financial statements stands out as the expert panel of judges always seem to be able to spot something.“But  to be honest  it comes down to ease of reading  a strong and honest narrative to support the figures  and making it as easy as possible for the reader to navigate these very large complex reports.”Full list of winnersEuronext Dublin (Large Cap > €1bn): CRHEuronext Dublin (SME < €1bn): Glenveagh PropertiesCompany Listed on a Foreign Market: DCCEuronext Growth Award: Origin EnterprisesStatutory or Unlisted Entity (IFRS): ESBStatutory or Unlisted Entity (Non-IFRS): CoillteLarge Not for Profit: BarnardosSmall / Medium Not for Profit: BarretstownSustainability & ESG Reporting Award (Listed Entity): Bank of IrelandSustainability & ESG Reporting Award (Unlisted Entity): CIÉ GroupDiversity & Inclusion Award (Listed or Unlisted Entity): DalataDiversity & Inclusion Award (Not for Profit): ConcernBranding  Communication & Digital Award: daaOverall Winner: CRH,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.21,0.18,True,English,"['Irish corporate reporting', 'Lucky winners', 'gala showcase', 'honours', 'Chartered Accountants Ireland Leinster Society', 'MC Colm O’Regan', 'financial services advisory department', 'Iain White Photography Image', 'group financial performance manager', '46th Published Accounts Awards', 'The Published Accounts Awards', 'Leinster Society calendar', 'Paul O’Riordan', 'Iain White Image', 'Previous Next Image', 'Seán McKeon', 'Barra Ó Fianáil', 'Dr Caroline McGroary', 'one overall winner', 'Dublin City University', 'High-quality financial reporting', '7 Dalata Hotel Group', 'Euronext Growth Award', 'ESG Reporting Award', 'non-financial performance', 'Shelbourne Hotel', 'annual calendar', '7 CIÉ Group', 'award categories', 'Digital Award', 'Profit Award', '13 individual awards', 'hard work', 'special guest', 'profit organisations', 'Aisling McArdle', 'perfect opportunity', 'Lisa Gilligan', 'Grant Thornton', '2022 Annual Report', 'IFRS) category', 'key document', 'Net Zero', 'design partners', 'Source Design', 'Profit Category', 'Brigette Compton', 'Kieran Fitzpatrick', 'Ciaran McGrath', 'Maurice Keenan', 'Alan Crumlish', 'Kate Farrell', 'Miriam Ryan', '7 Origin Enterprises', 'Brian Forristal', 'Des Gibney', 'Catriona Haverty', 'Dee Ahearn', 'Mairead Forristal', 'Fulbright Scholar', 'Boston College', 'best practice', 'annual reports', 'Inclusion Award', 'corporate reporting', 'glittering event', 'prestigious event', 'Unquoted Entity', 'Unlisted Entity', 'important event', 'focus areas', 'Enormous effort', 'Branding, Communication', 'other stakeholders', 'private companies', 'Euronext Dublin', 'past year', 'Irish companies', 'worthy winners', 'PAA chair', 'CRH', 'Concern', 'daa', 'others', 'place', 'November', 'finalists', '14 accolades', 'Class', 'achievements', 'sustainability', 'diversity', 'shortlist', '10 not', '28 public', 'head', 'admissions', 'determination', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'years', 'number', 'director', 'judges', 'improvements', 'entrants', 'Congratulations', 'night', 'ESB', 'recognition', 'lot', 'Statutory', 'overview', 'progress', '2040 Strategy', 'accuracy', 'transparency', 'teams', 'consultation', 'left', '7 Bank', '7 Barretstown', 'Small/Medium', 'chairperson', 'lecturer', 'accounting', 'Cybersecurity', 'investors', 'standard']",2023-11-17,2023-11-17,businesspost.ie
32866,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-125700259.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  November 17  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)08/11/2023 EXM 5 600 316.0619 1 769 946.64 09/11/2023 EXM 5 467 316.8650 1 732 300.96 10/11/2023 EXM 5 421 313.9448 1 701 894.76 13/11/2023 EXM 5 148 318.0478 1 637 310.07 14/11/2023 EXM 5 041 323.0203 1 628 345.33 15/11/2023 EXM 5 000 327.1035 1 635 517.50 16/11/2023 EXM 5 043 326.0522 1 644 281.24Total- 36 720 319.9781 11 749 596.51The total consideration for such Fourth Tranche of the Program was:Euro 11 749 596.51 for No. 36 720 common shares purchased on the EXMAs of November 16  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 13 295 462 common shares equal to 5.17% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until November 16  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 2 371 004 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 570 946 357.66.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).Story continuesFor further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 36,720 common shares', 'share capital', '13,295,462 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Trading Date', 'Stock Exchange', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Story', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachment', '2,371', '004']",2023-11-17,2023-11-17,finance.yahoo.com
32867,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.independent.ie/business/ecbs-lagarde-says-eu-needs-powerful-agency-to-police-enlarged-capital-markets/a587978521.html,ECB’s Lagarde says EU needs powerful agency to police enlarged capital markets,European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has proposed creating a powerful European Union's securities watchdog  to act as the equivalent of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).,"European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has proposed creating a powerful European Union's securities watchdog  to act as the equivalent of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Supervision of capital markets ""remains largely at the national level "" Christine Lagarde said in a speech on Friday.The EU’s requirement for large scale capital to be raised to tackle emerging needs such as addressing climate change will in turn drive creation of a unified capital market  she said.Capital Markets Union (CMU) has been on the EU agenda since Brexit  which put the existing key capital markets infrastructure in the City of London outside the bloc and left a fragmented landscape of smaller and largely domestic or regionally important hubs including Paris  Frankfurt and Milan.However progress to forge a genuine EU alternative to London has been fitful at best.""A capital markets union is an indispensable project "" President Lagarde said.""The most important lesson (of history) is that a capital markets union emerges when there is a need to finance an economic transformation that exceeds the capacities of fragmented financial markets ” she said.That in turn create a need for a European agency with ""a broad mandate including direct supervision "" could help address that problem  she said.The existing European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) does have pan EU reach but limited authority.Member states have domestic agencies responsible for supervising financial and capital markets – in Ireland that includes the overlapping responsibilities of the Central Bank of Ireland  the Irish Takeover Panel  Dublin stock market operator Euronext and of the new Corporate Enforcement Authority (CEA).""Creating a European SEC  for example by extending the powers of ESMA  could be the answer "" Lagarde said.In her speech she cited the challenges of de-globalisation  demographics and de-carbonisation and compared the scale of funding required to meet them to investments in US railroads in the 19th century.""The railroads not only linked up the far-flung corners of the United States; they also linked up its capital markets. The need to finance this project of unprecedented scale radically transformed the US financial system  changing its destiny forever ” she said.The capital needs of railways sparked a dramatic scale up in size for capital markets and eventually a need for the SEC  created in the 1930s  to police the US as a single authority.The EU will also need a ""single rulebook"" for financial markets and a unified watchdog  ""that would empower private entities to expand their ambitions in fostering high-growth private investments "" she said.",neutral,0.16,0.76,0.08,negative,0.02,0.4,0.58,True,English,"['enlarged capital markets', 'powerful agency', 'ECB', 'Lagarde', 'EU', 'European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde', 'existing key capital markets infrastructure', 'Dublin stock market operator', 'new Corporate Enforcement Authority', 'A capital markets union', 'existing European Securities', 'powerful European Union', 'Irish Takeover Panel', 'unified capital market', 'regionally important hubs', 'large scale capital', 'genuine EU alternative', 'high-growth private investments', 'fragmented financial markets', 'US financial system', 'President Lagarde', 'Markets Authority', 'European agency', 'capital needs', 'fragmented landscape', 'important lesson', 'limited authority', 'single authority', 'unified watchdog', 'private entities', 'securities watchdog', 'US Securities', 'Exchange Commission', 'national level', 'emerging needs', 'climate change', 'economic transformation', 'broad mandate', 'Member states', 'overlapping responsibilities', '19th century', 'flung corners', 'United States', 'unprecedented scale', 'dramatic scale', 'single rulebook', 'EU agenda', 'EU reach', 'indispensable project', 'direct supervision', 'domestic agencies', 'US railroads', 'equivalent', 'speech', 'Friday', 'requirement', 'creation', 'CMU', 'Brexit', 'City', 'London', 'bloc', 'smaller', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Milan', 'progress', 'history', 'capacities', 'turn', 'problem', 'ESMA', 'Ireland', 'Euronext', 'CEA', 'example', 'powers', 'answer', 'challenges', 'globalisation', 'demographics', 'carbonisation', 'funding', 'far', 'destiny', 'railways', 'size', '1930s', 'ambitions']",2023-11-17,2023-11-17,independent.ie
