UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50110,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061713/0/en/Resolutions-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-Board-of-Directors-constitutive-meeting.html,Resolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors’ constitutive meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 15 April 2025 at 3.30 p.m. EEST  Resolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the...,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 15 April 2025 at 3.30 p.m. EESTResolutions of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and the Board of Directors’ constitutive meetingAt Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (the AGM)  held today  and at the subsequent constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors  the following resolutions were passed.A. RESOLUTIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAdoption of the financial statementsMarimekko Corporation’s income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and balance sheet for 2024 were adopted.Payment of dividendThe AGM approved the Board of Directors’ proposal to distribute a regular dividend of EUR 0.40 and an extraordinary dividend of 0.25 per share be paid for the financial year 2024.The dividend will be paid on 28 April 2025 to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2025 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company.Discharge from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company were discharged from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2024.Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe AGM adopted the remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board be as follows: EUR 55 000 to the Chair  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members. Board members who reside outside Finland receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. It was further resolved that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to the Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees were unchanged from 2024. Mika Ihamuotila will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.In accordance with the resolution by the AGM  approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors will be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares will be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2025 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration will be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the AGM  15 April 2025  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the company’s Board of Directors consists of six members. Massimiliano Brunazzo  Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula were re-elected to the Board. The Board’s term of office ends at the conclusion of the next AGM.Election and remuneration of the auditor and the authorized sustainability auditorIt was resolved to re-elect KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company’s auditor and sustainability reporting assurance provider. Heli Tuuri  Authorized Public Accountant and ASA  will act as the Auditor and the Authorized Sustainability Auditor with principal responsibility. It was also resolved that the auditor’s and sustainability reporting assurance provider’s fees will be paid as per invoice approved by the company.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe AGM resolved to amend Marimekko’s Articles of Association. New Article 8 concerning the appointment of a sustainability assurance provider was added to the Articles of Association and the numbering of the subsequent articles was updated accordingly. Additionally  Article 10 (renumbered as Article 11 following the update to the article numbering) was supplemented so that the Annual General Meeting shall elect a sustainability reporting assurance provider in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act and resolve upon their remuneration.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company’s shares. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is valid until 15 October 2026 and supersedes the authorization granted by the AGM 2024.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe AGM authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 new or the company’s own shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares. The Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is valid until 15 October 2026 and supersedes the authorization granted by the AGM 2024.B. RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ CONSTITUTIVE MEETINGFrom among its members  the Board of Directors elected Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board. The Board also elected Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee. The majority of the Committee are independent of the company and its significant shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.C. MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe minutes of the AGM can be viewed on the company’s website at company.marimekko.com under Investors/Management/General Meeting as of 29 April 2025 at the latest.MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONCorporate CommunicationsAnna TuominenTel. +358 40 5846944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2024  the company's net sales totaled EUR 183 million and comparable operating profit margin was 17.5 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 39 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 480 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ constitutive meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'dividend payout record date', 'sustainability assurance provider', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'authorized sustainability auditor', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'subsequent constitutive meeting', 'Directors’ constitutive meeting', 'other Board members', 'public trading', 'other purposes', 'other terms', 'annual remuneration', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'regular dividend', 'extraordinary dividend', 'financial year', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'two weeks', 'interim report', '1 January–31 March', 'applicable legislation', 'Massimiliano Brunazzo', 'Carol Chen', 'Tomoki Takebayashi', 'Marianne Vikkula', 'Heli Tuuri', 'principal responsibility', 'restricted equity', 'incentive system', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Board meeting', 'subsequent articles', 'remuneration report', 'separate remuneration', 'following resolutions', 'A. RESOLUTIONS', 'committee work', 'next AGM', 'six members', 'advisory resolution', 'first time', 'New Article', 'total number', 'market price', 'The AGM', 'Vice Chair', 'Directors’ proposal', 'The Board', 'article numbering', 'April', 'EEST', 'Adoption', 'Payment', 'shareholders', 'company', 'behalf', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'CEO', 'December', 'persons', 'fees', 'accordance', '40 percent', 'shares', 'cash', 'office', 'conclusion', 'Election', 'ASA', 'invoice', 'Amendment', 'Association', 'appointment', 'update', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'maximum', 'one', 'instalments', '0.4 percent', 'funds', 'distribution', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'rules', 'regulations', 'part', 'conditio', '3.30', '2024']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50111,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-terranet-163000026.html,NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN TERRANET AB,N.B. THIS ENGLISH TEXT IS AN UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION OF THE SWEDISH ORIGINAL OF THE NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN TERRANET AB  AND IN CASE OF ANY DISCREPANCIES BETWEEN THE SWEDISH AND THE ENGLISH TRANSLATION ,"1. Opening of the meeting 2. Election of Chairman 3. Establishing and approval of the voting list 4. Election of one or more persons to verify the minutes 5. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened 6. Approval of the agenda 7. Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors' report as well as the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditors' report 8. Decision on a) Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b) Allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheet c) Discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director 9. Resolution on the determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and 10. Resolution on the determination of the remuneration of the Board of Directors and auditors 11. Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and any deputies 12. Resolution to amend the articles of association 13. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' decision of 16 April 2025 on a directed issue of units 14. Resolution to approve the Board of Directors' decision of 16 April 2025 on a rights issue of units 15. Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles 16. Resolution authorising the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General Meeting 17. Closure of the meetingShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written power of attorney for the proxy  signed and dated by the shareholder. The period of validity of the power of attorney may not exceed five years if specifically stated. If no period of validity is specified  the power of attorney shall be valid for a maximum of one year. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent for the legal entity must be attached. A copy of the power of attorney and any registration certificate should be sent by letter or e-mail to the Company at the above addresses in good time before the meeting. Furthermore  the original power of attorney must be brought to the meeting. A proxy form is available on the Company's website (www.terranet.se) no later than three weeks before the meeting.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must have their shares registered in their own name in order to be entitled to attend the AGM. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee according to the nominee's procedures. Voting rights registrations that have been completed (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later than 19 May 2025 are taken into account in the preparation of the share register.notify the Company no later than 19 May 2025 of their intention to attend the meeting by e-mail to pal.eriksson@terranet.se or by mail to the Company at Mobilvägen 10  SE-223 62 Lund  Sweden  and mark the envelope with ""Annual General Meeting 2025"". When giving notice of attendance  shareholders must state their name  personal or corporate identity number  address  and telephone number and  where applicable  information about assistants (maximum 2).The shareholders of Terranet AB  reg. no. 556707-2128  (the ""Company "") are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting on 23 May 2025 at 14.00 at Mobilvägen 12  Bricks building  room ""Oktagonen""  Lund. Registration will commence at 13.45 p.m.N.B. THIS ENGLISH TEXT IS AN UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION OF THE SWEDISH ORIGINAL OF THE NOTICE TO ATTEND THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN TERRANET AB  AND IN CASE OF ANY DISCREPANCIES BETWEEN THE SWEDISH AND THE ENGLISH TRANSLATION  THE SWEDISH TEXT SHALL PREVAIL.Story continuesPROPOSAL FOR A DECISION BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEPrior to the Annual General Meeting of the Company  the Nomination Committee was established by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the shareholders who  as of August 31  2024  were the three largest shareholders in the Company  who each appointed one member to the Nomination Committee.Prior to the 2025 AGM  the Nomination Committee consisted of Julian Aleksov  Chairman of the Nomination Committee  appointed by Maida Vale Capital AB and Oliver Aleksov  Michael Knutsson  appointed by Knutsson Holdings AB  and Torgny Hellström  Chairman of the Board of Terranet AB. The members are appointed by shareholders who  as of March 31  2025  together represented approximately 13.09 percent of the voting rights for all shares in the Company. The Nomination Committee proposes the following.Item 2 - Election of the ChairmanThe Nomination Committee proposes that attorney Mark Falkner of Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB be elected Chairman and keeper of the minutes of the Annual General Meeting or  if he is prevented from attending  the person he designates.Item 9 - Determination of the number of Board members and auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of five (5) members without deputies.The Nomination Committee further proposes that the Company shall have a registered accounting firm as auditor.Item 10 - Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that a fee of SEK 185 000 shall be paid to each of the Board members elected by the AGM who are not employed by the Company or the Group and SEK 495 000 to the Chairman of the Board.The Nomination Committee proposes that a fee of SEK 27 500 shall be paid to each of the members of the Remuneration Committee (maximum three members). The Nomination Committee further proposes that a fee of SEK 65 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the Audit Committee (maximum two members) and that a fee of SEK 110 000 shall be paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.The auditor's fees shall be paid according to approved invoices.Item 11 - Election of the Board of Directors  auditors and any deputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that Torgny Hellström  Anders Blom  Magnus Edman and Mats Fägerhag be re-elected as ordinary Board members. Furthermore  it is proposed that Uwe Brandenburg be elected as an ordinary Board member. Nils Wollny and Tarek Shoeb have declined re-election. Torgny Hellström is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Uwe Brandenburg  born 1966Uwe Brandenburg  a German citizen  holds a bachelor's degree in telecommunications technology and is Chief Technology Officer for Automotive and Manufacturing at DXC Luxoft.Uwe has worked 30 years in senior positions in the automotive  telecommunications and semiconductor industries. He has been ADAS CTO and Global Engineering Head at Valeo  Global Head for Camera and Radar Development at Continental and ADAS Engineering Director Europe at Autoliv. Autoliv  Continental and Valeo are all three major suppliers to the automotive industry.The Nomination Committee further proposes re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag (""E&Y"") as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. E&Y has notified that the authorised public accountant Martin Henriksson will continue to be the auditor in charge.THE BOARD'S PROPOSAL FOR A DECISIONItem 8b - Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet and the adopted consolidated balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that all funds available to the Annual General Meeting be carried forward.Item 12 - Resolution on amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Articles of Association as set out below.Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 3 300 000 and not more than SEK 13 200 000. § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 14 500 000 and not more than SEK 58 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 330 000 000 and not more than 1 320 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be not less than 1 450 000 000 and not more than 5 800 000 000.The CEO  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be entitled to make any minor adjustments that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. In the event that the share capital or the number of shares after registration of the directed issue and/or the rights issue under items 13 and 14  respectively  on the agenda falls below the proposed limits in the articles of association  the limits shall be adjusted to the extent necessary to enable registration.The resolution under this paragraph shall be valid only if supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 13 - Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' resolution of 16 April 2025 on a directed share issueThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' resolution of 16 April 2025 on a new issue of up to 5 461 210 units (the ""Directed Issue""). The resolution shall otherwise be subject to the following conditions.1. The new shares of Series B and warrants shall be issued in units. Each unit shall contain 33 shares of Series B and five (5) warrants of series TO9 B.2. The Company's share capital may be increased by a maximum of SEK 1 802 199.30 through the issue of a maximum of 180 219 930 shares of series B. A maximum of 27 306 050 warrants of series TO9 B shall be issued  entailing an increase in the share capital upon full exercise by a maximum of SEK 273 060.50.3. The right to subscribe for shares in the Directed Issue shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to a number of pre-announced investors  existing shareholders and members of the Company's management and board of directors. Prior to the decision on the Directed Issue  the Board of Directors has carefully investigated and considered alternative financing options  including raising capital solely through a rights issue. However  after an overall assessment and taking into account that a directed share issue allows the Company to raise capital earlier  the Board of Directors considers that new share issues carried out with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights in combination with a rights issue is a more favourable option for the Company and the Company's shareholders than a rights issue alone. The Company is in an important phase and has a need for financing to ensure the Company's long-term operations. It is therefore the Board of Directors' assessment that a directed issue is the most appropriate financing solution given the current market conditions and the Company's capital needs and that it is in the interest of all shareholders to carry out the Second Directed Issue.4. The subscription price per unit amounts to SEK 2.97  corresponding to a subscription price per B-share of SEK 0.09. The subscription price in the Directed Issue has been determined after negotiations with the subscribers and corresponds to a premium of approximately four percent in relation to the volume-weighted average price of the Company's share on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market during the period 7 April 2025 up to and including 11 April 2025 and is considered by the Board of Directors to be on market terms. The subscription price also corresponds to the subscription price in the Rights Issue  which the Board of Directors decided on 16 April 2025. The share premium shall be added to the unrestricted share premium reserve.5. Subscription can only be made in units and thus not of shares and warrants separately. Allotment may only take place in units. However  after the completion of the issue  the shares and warrants will be separated.6. Subscription shall be made on a separate subscription list on the day of the unit issue. However  the board of directors is entitled to postpone the last day for subscription.7. Payment shall be made within three (3) banking days of the date on which the General Meeting approves the decision of the Board of Directors. However  the Board of Directors is entitled to postpone the final date for payment.8. Each warrant of series TO9 B entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) Class B share at a subscription price corresponding to SEK 0.18. The subscription price may not be less than the share's quota value applicable at any given time. Subscription for new shares by exercising the warrants of series TO9 B may take place during the period from 1 December 2025 up to and including 15 December 2025. Any surplus price upon subscription for new Class shares of Series B by exercising the warrants shall be added to the unrestricted share premium reserve. The warrants are subject to additional conditions including customary conversion conditions.9. The new shares entitle their holders to dividends from the date of their entry in the share register.10. The Board of Directors or the person appointed by the Board of Directors is authorized to make the minor adjustments necessary for the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The resolution under this item is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting. The resolution is conditional upon the Meeting approving the proposal to amend the Articles of Association in accordance with item 12 above and that the resolution is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 14 - Resolution to approve the Board of Directors' decision of 16 April 2025 on a rights issue of unitsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting approves the board of directors' resolution of 11 April 2025 on a new issue of a maximum of 13 880 714 units with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the ""Rights Issue""). The resolution shall otherwise be subject to the following conditions.The new shares of Series B and warrants shall be issued in units. Each unit shall contain 12 (twelve) shares of Series B and three (3) warrants of series TO9 B. The Company's share capital may be increased by a maximum of SEK 1 665 685.68 through the issue of a maximum of 166 568 568 shares of Series B. A maximum of 41 642 142 warrants of series TO9 B shall be issued  entailing an increase in the share capital upon full exercise by a maximum of 416 421.42 The right to subscribe for units shall  with preferential rights  be granted to those who are registered as shareholders in the Company on the record date for the Rights Issue  whereby the holding of one (1) share of series B entitles to one (1) unit right. 86 unit rights entitle to subscription of one (1) share of series B. Shareholders registered in the Company's share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of 29 April 2025 will receive unit rights for participation in the Rights Issue. In the event that not all units are subscribed for with unit rights  the Board of Directors shall  within the framework of the maximum amount of the rights issue  decide on allocation in accordance with the allocation principles below:(i) In the first instance  allotment shall be made to those who have also subscribed for shares by virtue of subscription rights  regardless of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  and in the event of oversubscription in relation to the number of subscription rights that each person has exercised for subscription of shares and  to the extent that this cannot be done  by drawing lots.(ii) Secondly  allotment shall be made to others who have subscribed for shares without subscription rights and  in the event that they cannot receive full allotment  in proportion to the number of shares that each has applied for subscription and  to the extent that this cannot be done  by drawing lots.(iii) Ultimately  any remaining shares shall be allocated to the underwriters who have entered into underwriting commitments in proportion to the size of the respective underwriting commitment and  to the extent that this cannot be done  by drawing lots.Subscription can only be made in units and thus not of shares and warrants separately. Allotment may only take place in units. However  after the completion of the issue  the shares and warrants will be separated. Subscription of units shall take place during the period from 27 May 2025 up to and including 11 June 2025. The Board of Directors is entitled to extend the subscription period. The subscription price shall be SEK 1.08 per unit  corresponding to a subscription price of SEK 0.09 per B share. The warrants are issued without consideration. The share premium shall be added to the unrestricted share premium reserve. Payment of units shall be made in cash. Payment of units subscribed for with preferential rights shall be made at the same time as subscription takes place during the period from 26 May 2025 up to and including 9 June 2025. Payment of units subscribed for without preferential rights shall be made no later than three (3) banking days after the allotment notice has been sent to the subscriber. The Board of Directors has the right to extend the payment period. Each warrant of series TO9 B entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) Class B share at a subscription price corresponding to SEK 0.18. The subscription price may not be less than the share's quota value applicable at any given time. Subscription for new shares by exercising the warrants of series TO9 B may take place during the period from 1 December 2025 up to and including 15 December 2025. Any surplus price upon subscription for new Class shares of Series B by exercising the warrants shall be added to the unrestricted share premium reserve. The warrants are subject to additional conditions including customary conversion conditions. The new shares entitle their holders to dividends from the date of their entry in the share register.The resolution is conditional upon the AGM approving the proposal to amend the Articles of Association in accordance with item 12 above and that the resolution is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 15 - Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors of the Company proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  to issue shares of series B  warrants and/or convertibles with the right to subscribe for or convert shares of series B  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  within the limits of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time  to be paid in cash  in kind and/or by way of set-off.The main reason for the Board of Directors to be able to decide on a new share issue without preferential rights for shareholders as described above is to be able to raise new capital to increase the Company's flexibility for financing.For the resolution to be valid  the proposal must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 16 - Resolution authorising the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the MeetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting authorises the Board of Directors  the Managing Director or the person otherwise appointed by the Board of Directors to make such minor adjustments and clarifications to the resolutions adopted at the Meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERDocuments and informationThe notice  accounting documents  auditor's report and proxy form will be made available to shareholders at the Company no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be published on the Company's website  www.terranet.se  no later than the same day.According to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act  shareholders have the right to request information from the Board of Directors and the CEO regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The board of directors and the managing director shall disclose such information if the board of directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company.Processing of personal dataThe personal data collected from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  notifications received and information about proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the general meeting and  where applicable  minutes of the general meeting. For further information on how your personal data is processed  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdfNumber of shares and votesAt the time of publication of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 1 193 741 451  divided into 1 083 063 shares of series A and 1 192 658 388 shares of series B. After registration of the directed share issue resolved by the Board of Directors on 16 April 2025  pursuant to the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting 2024  the total number of shares in the Company will amount to 1 291 299 252  divided into 1 083 063 shares of series A and 1 290 216 189 shares of series B. Each Class A share entitles to two (2) votes and each Class B share entitles to one (1) vote_____________________________Lund in April 2025Terranet ABThe Board of DirectorsAbout TerranetTerranet’s goal is to save lives in urban traffic. The company develops innovative technical solutions for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Autonomous Vehicles (AV). Terranet’s anti-collision system BlincVision laser scans and detects road objects up to ten times faster than any other ADAS technology available today.The company is headquartered in Lund  with offices in Gothenburg and Stuttgart. Since 2017  Terranet has been listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market (Nasdaq: TERRNT-B). Follow our journey at: www.terranet.seAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'TERRANET AB', 'NOTICE', 'Maida Vale Capital AB', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'Torgny Hellström', 'Knutsson Holdings AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'corporate identity number', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting 2025', 'three largest shareholders', 'attorney Mark Falkner', 'The Nomination Committee', ""consolidated auditors' report"", 'annual accounts', 'consolidated accounts', 'voting list', 'Michael Knutsson', 'Terranet AB', 'Managing Director', 'rights issue', 'new issues', 'minor adjustments', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'good time', 'share register', 'pal.eriksson', 'Mobilvägen', 'Bricks building', 'ENGLISH TEXT', 'UNOFFICIAL TRANSLATION', 'ENGLISH TRANSLATION', 'Julian Aleksov', 'Oliver Aleksov', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', 'one year', 'SWEDISH ORIGINAL', 'SWEDISH TEXT', 'one member', 'written power', 'original power', 'proxy form', 'registration certificate', ""Directors' decision"", 'Board members', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'persons', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'agenda', 'Presentation', 'Adoption', 'Allocation', 'Company', 'profit', 'loss', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'Resolution', 'determination', 'remuneration', 'deputies', 'articles', 'association', '16 April', 'directed', 'units', 'authorisation', 'shares', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closure', 'period', 'validity', 'maximum', 'copy', 'letter', 'mail', 'addresses', 'website', 'name', 'nominee', 'order', 'AGM', 'procedures', '19 May', 'preparation', 'intention', '62 Lund', 'envelope', 'notice', 'attendance', 'personal', 'information', 'assistants', '23 May', 'room', 'Oktagonen', 'Lund.', 'CASE', 'DISCREPANCIES', 'Story', 'PROPOSAL', 'August', 'March', '13.09 percent', 'Item', 'keeper', '13.45']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
50112,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-141000869.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Minesto AB,"The shareholders of Minesto AB (publ)  reg. no. 556719-4914  (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 22 May 2025 at 10.00 a.m. at Hotel Riverton ","Please note that the notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting shall take place even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its rights at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. Submission of power of attorney will not constitute a valid notification to the Annual General Meeting.To facilitate access to the Annual General Meeting powers of attorney  certificates of registration and other authorisation documents should be received by the Company at the address Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda  Sweden (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2025"") well in advance of the Annual General Meeting and preferably no later than Friday 16 May 2025.Anyone who does not wish to attend in person may exercise their right at the Annual General Meeting by proxy with a written  signed  and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a copy of certificate of registration or equivalent document of authorisation for the legal entity must be attached.The notification must state the name or company name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number as well as  where applicable  the number of assistants (maximum two).Shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company no later than Friday 16 May 2025 either:have notified their intention to participate at the Annual General Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions under the heading "" Registration of personal participation or participation by proxy ""  in such time that the notification is received by the Company no later than Friday 16 May 2025.be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday 14 May 2025  and  if the shares are nominee-registered  request that the nominee register the voting rights no later than Friday 16 May 2025  andShareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting must:GOTHENBURG  Sweden  April 16  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Minesto AB (publ)  reg. no. 556719-4914  (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 22 May 2025 at 10.00 a.m. at Hotel Riverton  Stora Badhusgatan 26 in Gothenburg. Registration for the general meeting begins at 9.30 a.m.Story ContinuesA proxy form will be available on the Company's website  www.minesto.com.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have caused their shares to be registered with a nominee must request that they be temporarily registered in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. The shareholder should provide notice to the nominee thereof in due time so that entry in the share register has taken place on Friday 16 May 2025.BusinessProposed agenda:Opening of the general meeting; Election of chairperson of the general meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting register; Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes; Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened; Approval of the agenda; Presentation by the CEO; Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report for the company and the group; Resolutions regarding: adoption of the income statement and balance sheet for the company and the group; allocation of the company's results according to the adopted balance sheet; discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO; Jonas Millqvist (chairperson of the Board of Directors); Bengt Adolfsson (director); Göran Linder (director); Joel Lybert (director); Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (director); Martin Edlund (director  CEO); Andreas Gunnarsson (deputy director); Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directors; Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditors; Election of the Board of Directors;Proposal of the Nomination Committee: Martin Edlund (director – re-election); Göran Linder (director – re-election); Joel Lybert (director – re-election); Jonas Millqvist (director – re-election); Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (director – re-election); Andreas Gunnarsson (deputy director – re-election); Election of chairperson of the Board of Directors; Election of auditor; Resolution regarding determination of principles for the Nomination Committee; Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executives; Resolution on change of terms regarding warrants of series 2021:1 associated with LTI 2021; Resolution regarding performance-based incentive program for management and employees (LTI 2025); Resolution on delivery and hedging measures for LTI 2025: Directed issue of warrants of series 2025:1; Transfer of the warrants to participants in LTI 2025; Transfer of warrants to cover costs for LTI 2025 and authorisation to enter into swap agreements; Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles; Resolution regarding adjustment authorization; Closing of the meeting.Nomination CommitteeIn accordance with the principles adopted by last year's Annual General Meeting  the Nomination Committee is composed of three directors  whereof two directors are appointed by the Company's largest shareholder as per 30 September 2024  and one director who has been convening. The Nomination Committee appoints a chairperson from amongst its membersThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (appointed by BGA Invest AB)  Göran Linder (appointed by Corespring New Technology AB) and Jonas Millqvist (appointed director of the Board of Directors). The chairperson of the Nomination Committee has been Git Sturesjö Adolfsson.The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolutions2. Election of chairperson of the general meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes attorney Eric Ehrencrona or  in the event of an impediment  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee to be elected as the chairperson of the general meeting.10. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of directors for the period until the next Annual General Meeting is five and that one deputy director shall be appointed.11. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the fee per director elected shall be distributed as follows (the same price base amount level as last year): annual fee of four price base amounts to the chairman of the Board of Directors and annual fee of two price base amounts to directors not employed by the Company. The price-base amount per 2025 shall be applied upon resolution under this item.If the meeting resolves according to the Nomination Committee's proposal as regards the composition of the Board of Directors  the total fee will amount to ten (ten) price base amounts.It is proposed that no fee shall be paid to the board of director's remuneration committee and auditors committee respectively since these are made up of members of the board of directors.It is proposed that fees be paid to the auditor according to invoice approved by the Company.12. Election of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Martin Edlund  Göran Linder  Joel Lybert  Jonas Millqvist and Git Sturesjö Adolfsson. The Nomination Committee further proposes re-election of the deputy Board member Andreas Gunnarsson.The proposed composition of the Company's Board of Directors fulfils the rules of the Corporate Governance Code regarding independence. All members other than Martin Edlund are independent in relation to the Company and its management. Jonas Millqvist  Martin Edlund and Joel Lybert are independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.13. Election of chairperson of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes the re-election of Jonas Millqvist as Chairman of the Board.14. Election of auditorThe auditing firm Grant Thornton Sweden AB (""Grant Thornton"") is proposed to be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Grant Thornton has announced that if Grant Thornton is appointed as auditor  Victor Cukierman will continue as principal auditor.15. Resolution regarding determination of principles for the Nomination CommitteeIt is proposed that the Company shall have a nominations committee consisting of three persons in accordance with last year's principles according to the following.Each of the Company's two largest shareholders in terms of voting power as of 30 September 2025 shall each have the right to appoint a member of the nomination committee. In addition  the nomination committee shall consist of the chairman of the Board of Directors who shall convene the first meeting. The nominations committee appoints the chairman of the committee.The nomination committee shall submit proposals to the 2026 Annual General Meeting for: a) election of chairman of the Annual General Meeting  b) resolution regarding number of board members  c) resolution regarding compensation to the chairman of the Board of Directors and each of the other directors d) election of board members  e) election of chairman of the board  f) resolution regarding remuneration to auditor  g) election of auditor  h) resolution regarding principles for appointing the nomination committee and i) resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee.If any of the two members of the nomination committee appointed by the two largest shareholders by voting power resign from the nomination committee prior to completion of its work  the shareholder appointing the resigning member shall have the right to appoint a new member. In case any of the two largest shareholders by voting power sells all  not only a portion  of its shares in the Company prior to the nomination committee completing its work  instead of such shareholder the third largest shareholder shall have the right to appoint a new member etc.Fees shall not be paid to members of the nomination committee. Upon request of the nomination committee  the Company shall  however  provide personnel resources to facilitate the work of the nomination committee  such as  for example  a secretary. If necessary  the Company shall also pay for other reasonable costs necessary for the work of the nomination committee.Proposed resolutions by the Board of Directors9.(b) Resolution on allocation of the company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company's results be allocated according to the Board of Directors' proposal in the annual report. The Board of Directors accordingly proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2024.16. Resolution regarding guidelines for compensation to senior executivesThe Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives  which correspond to the guidelines that was adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2024.Compensation to senior managementSenior executives in the Company refer to the CEO and other members of the management group. The remuneration committee  which consists of the Board of Directors excluding the CEO  prepares the issue of adoption of guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives  and proposes them to the board of directorsThe Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for the determination of salaries and other compensation to senior management. For the purpose of ensuring that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives  the fundamental principle is that the senior executives must be offered employment terms and compensation on market terms.Salaries and other benefits: Compensation to the senior executives shall be comprised of a fixed salary and pension. The fixed salaries are normally reviewed on a calendar year basis. In addition to fixed salary  a variable salary may be implemented under the pre-requisite that the variable part never exceeds 25 percent of the yearly salary. In addition  senior management shall be entitled to customary non-monetary benefits such as  company cars and occupational healthcare. Other benefits may also be offered on an individual basis.Pension: Senior executives shall be offered pension terms that include a defined plan for provisions with premiums based on the entire basic salary. The pension provisions are individual and shall be in relation to the basic salary.Notice of termination period and severance pay: The notice period shall be a maximum of six months  if the Company gives the notice and a maximum of six months if the notice is given on the initiative of the senior executive. In the event of termination by the Company  severance pay may  in addition be paid in an amount corresponding to a maximum of six-monthly salaries.Incentive program: Resolution regarding share and share price-related incentive programs directed to senior executives shall be made by the Annual General Meeting.Remuneration Committee: The remuneration committee  i.e.  the board excluding the CEO  shall prepare issues regarding compensation principles  compensation  and other terms of employment for senior executives. The more detailed principles for salary setting  pensions and other benefits shall be found in the salary policy established by the Remuneration Committee regarding senior executives.Deviations in individual cases: The Board of Directors shall be entitled to deviate from these guidelines where there is special cause for such an individual case.Compensation to Board of DirectorsCompensation to the Board of Directors is determined by the Annual General Meeting based on proposals from the nomination committee. However  the Board of Directors is entitled  in specific cases  to commission an individual director to perform consultancy services on behalf of the Company within their respective areas of competence. Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting shall  in these specific cases  be eligible to receive fees for services  which do not constitute board work. With respect to the services  a fee on market terms will be payable  which must be approved by the Board of Directors. This shall also be applicable if the work is carried out through a company wholly or partially owned by a board member.17. Resolution on change of terms regarding warrants of series 2021:1 associated with LTI 2021The board of directors of the Company proposes that the terms and conditions for the warrants of series 2021:1 (associated with LTI 2021)  which were issued at the Annual General Meeting on 2 June 2021  shall be adjusted as follows.The current terms and conditions for the warrants mean that the warrants shall be granted rights to subscribe for shares in the Company from the time the warrants are registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including 31 July 2025. This is proposed to be adjusted so that the last day for subscription shall instead fall on 31 December 2025. A consequence of such change of terms is that the Company  within the framework of LTI  thereby can allot the warrants of series 2021:1 to the participants in LTI 2021 during an extended period. The Board of Directors is proposed to be authorised to enter into a supplemental agreement with the participants in LTI 2021 regulating the now extended allotment period.The commercial and legal terms of the LTI 2021 are otherwise proposed to remain unchanged.18. Resolution regarding performance-based incentive program for management and employees (LTI 2025)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the implementation of a performance-based long-term incentive program for certain senior executives and key persons in the Company (""LTI 2025"") as described below. Should the Annual General Meeting resolves on LTI 2025  the Board of Directors of Minesto (the ""Board"") intends to provide information about target levels and the outcome of LTI 2025  no later than at the 2029 Annual General Meeting.Summary and motiveThe program comprises a maximum of 60 employees in the Company (the ""Participants""). The Board may also  if the Board deems it to be in the Company's interest  offer one or more newly hired employees (or  where applicable  a current employee who is not initially offered participation in LTI 2025) to participate in LTI 2025 in accordance with the terms and conditions described herein. After a qualifying period of four years the participants will be allotted warrants in the Company without any consideration  provided that certain qualifying terms and conditions are fulfilled (the ""Performance Share Right""). In order for these so-called Performance Share Rights to entitle the Participant to an allotment  the Participant must have chosen to retain his/her assignment in the Company under the current Qualifying Period (as defined below). In order for allotment to occur  it is further required that certain performance targets based on established milestones are achieved by the Company. The volume of allotted Performance Share Rights is further based on the annual development of the Company's share price in relation to the index on the exchange where the Company's shares are listed.The maximum number of Performance Share Rights that can be allotted in accordance with LTI 2025 shall be limited to 4 017 487 (corresponding to the same number of shares in the Company). In addition to these Performance Share Rights  it is proposed than an additional1 262 294 warrants be issued to cover the Company's costs through the hedging measures proposed below. This means that LTI 2025  in the event of a maximum outcome  entails that the Participants receive Performance Share Rights corresponding to shares represented approximately 1 91 percent of all shares and votes in the Company and that the program in its entirety (including issue of cost-covering warrants) may entail a maximum dilution of approximately 2 50 percent.The motives for the Board's proposal of LTI 2025 are to reinforce the Company's ability to retain existing workforce and recruit key personnel to the Company. The proposal has also been developed with the aim of spreading and increasing shareholding among the Participants and ensuring a common focus on long-term and sustainable growth for the Company  which would ensure that the shareholders' and Participants' interests are further consolidated. Through a performance-based incentive program  the Participants' compensation can be linked in a relevant way to the Company's future development and growth.In order to enable the implementation of LTI 2025 in a cost-effective manner  the Board's proposal for LTI 2025 is conditional on that the Annual General Meeting also resolves on the delivery and hedging methods proposed under item 19 a) – c) in the agenda.Performance Share RightThe Performance Share Rights mean that Participants in the program are entitled to acquire one warrant in the Company for each Performance Share Right with a right for its holder to acquire one share in the Company at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share at the time the shares are subscribed (currently SEK 0.05)  provided that the qualifying terms and conditions stated below are fulfilled. The Performance Share Rights are allotted with no payment of consideration.Terms of ParticipationLTI 2025 comprises a maximum of 60 employees and additional employees in the Company  who the Board resolves to offer participation in the program. The Participants are divided into four categories as follows:Category 1: One participant – the CEO Category 2: Eight participants – Management team Category 3: Nine participants – Key competences Category 4: Forty-two participants – EmployeesThe number of Performance Share Rights that a Participant may be granted depends on the category of the Participant.Category 1: 1 004 372 Performance Share Rights Category 2: Up to 350 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant (the total number of Performance Share Rights that can be granted to all the Participants in Category 2 may never exceed 1 406 123) Category 3: Up to 175 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant (the total number of Performance Share Rights that can be granted to all the Participants in Category 3 may never exceed 803 496) Category 4: Up to 30 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant (the total number of Performance Share Rights that can be granted to all the Participants in Category 4 may never exceed 803 496)Conditions for qualifyingIn order for Participants to be able to exercise their Performance Share Rights and receive an allotment  the following qualifying conditions must be fulfilled:Maintained assignmentTo be granted Performance Share Rights  the Participant must  during each of the relevant Qualifying Periods (defined below) have retained their employment or assignment in the Minesto Group. This requirement shall  however  not be applied if the Participant's employment or assignment within the Minesto Group has been terminated due to disability  death  retirement or that the Company has sold the subsidiary where the Participant is employed.In the event the Company terminates Participants' employment in the Minesto Group prior to a qualifying date  previously earned Performance Share Rights may be exercised at regular time for exercise as described below  but no further earning shall take place. If the Participants' employment is terminated due to dismissal by the employer or termination by the employer and objective grounds for dismissal for personal reasons  all the earned Performance Share Rights shall  however  expire.In order to exercise the maximum number of Performance Share Rights under LTI 2025 it is thus required that the Participant is employed within the Minesto-Group up to and including 1 January 2029 (the ""Qualifying Period"").The Performance Share Rights are gradually earned over approximately four years  corresponding to four periods until 1 January 2029 (each such period is a ""Qualifying Period""). The Performance Share Rights are earned according to the allotment below at the end of each Qualifying Period  provided that the Participant is still employed on that day. In addition to these qualifying conditions  the Performance Share Rights are subject to performance-based earnings based on the development of Minesto's share price  in accordance with the conditions for performance-based qualifying below.Close of Qualifying Period 1 (1 January 2026) – 1/4 of allotted Performance Share RightsClose of Qualifying Period 2 (1 January 2027) – 1/4 of allotted Performance Share RightsClose of Qualifying Period 3 (1 January 2028) – 1/4 of allotted Performance Share RightsClose of Qualifying Period 4 (1 January 2029) – 1/4 of allotted Performance Share RightsPerformance and index weighingIn addition to the above conditions for qualifying  the Performance Share Rights are subject to performance-based earning based on the extent the Company achieves certain milestones set by the Board for respective Qualifying Period (""Performance Targets""). The Performance Targets relate to the tangible and objective ascertainable targets for long-term and sustainable growth in the Company  which have been prepared and set by the Board in consultation with management. The Performance Targets can be achieved in whole or in part (0-100 percent).In addition to fulfilling the Performance Targets  the annual outcome of LTI 2025 depends on the annual development of Minesto's share price (the ""Company Development"") in relation to average annual share price development for all companies whose shares are listed for trading on the stock exchange where Minesto's shares  at any given time  are listed (""General Development""). The principle can be exemplified as follows:Qualifying Period 1 – The Participant's fulfilment rate of the Performance Targets amounts to 80 percent. The Company's Development amounts to plus 7 percent compared with that the General Development amounts to plus 10 percent. The Company's Development constitutes 97.27 percent (107/110) percent of the General Development. This means that 77.82 (97.27*0 80) percent of 1/4 of the Performance Share Rights shall be allotted to the Participants for this period.Qualifying Period 4 – The Participant's fulfilment rate of the Performance Targets amounts to 90 percent. The Company's Development amounts to minus three percent compared with that the General Development amounts to minus 8 percent. The Company's Development constitutes 105.43 percent (97/92) percent of the General Development. This means that 94.89 (105.43*0.9) percent of 1/4 of the Performance Share Rights shall be allotted to the Participants for this period.Other conditions for Performance Share RightThe following conditions otherwise apply for the Performance Share Rights:Participants shall not have the right to transfer  pledge or sell the Performance Share Rights or to exercise any shareholder rights regarding the Performance Share Rights during the Qualifying Period.The earliest time at which earned Performance Share Rights may be exercised is the day after the 2029 Annual General Meeting.The Company will not compensate the Participants for any dividends in the Company.The Performance Share Rights may be allotted by the Company and by other companies within the Minesto Group.In the event of a public takeover bid  sale of the Company's operations  liquidation  merger or other similar transaction that affects Minesto all Performance Share Rights for the current Qualifying Period shall be earned in connection with such transaction being completed against any remaining Qualifying Periods maturing and no additional Performance Share Rights can be earned.Maximum quantityThe maximum number of Performance Share Rights that can be issued in accordance with LTI 2025 is 4 017 487  which corresponds to approximately 1 91 percent of the outstanding shares and votes in the Company.The number of shares included in LTI 2025 shall  in accordance with the detailed terms and conditions resolved by the Board  be subject to recalculation due to the Company carrying out a bonus issue  consolidation or division of shares  rights issue or similar measures  taking into consideration customary practice for corresponding incentive programs. It must be possible for recalculation to take place so that extraordinary dividend is taken into account.Structure and administrationThe Board is responsible for the detailed structure and administration of LTI 2025  as well as the detailed terms and conditions that shall apply between the Company and the Participant in the program  within the framework for the terms and conditions and guidelines set out herein. In connection therewith  the Board shall have the right to determine deviating terms and conditions for the program regarding  among other things  the Qualifying Period under certain conditions. The Board shall also have the right to make adjustments to fulfil special rules or market conditions.In certain cases  the Board shall have the right to reduce final allotment of shares or  wholly or partially  terminate LTI 2025 prematurely without compensation to the Participants if there are significant changes in the Company or the market.Delivery and cost-hedging measuresTo secure the Company's undertakings as a result of the Performance Share Rights the Board proposes that the Company shall issue and resolve to transfer warrants to the Participants (in accordance with items 19 a) and b) on the agenda). It is further proposed that the Board shall have the right  if necessary to hedge certain costs  to enter into so-called swap agreements with a third party (e.g. a shareholder or a financial institute  in accordance with items 19 a) and c) on the agenda).Costs for LTI 2025 and impact on important key ratiosAs a result of the proposed delivery and cost-hedging measures (item 19 a) – c) on the agenda) the Company's liquidity will only be affected by administrative costs and VAT that arise in relation to LTI 2025. Delivery and cost-hedging measures thus ensure that the potential salary costs that the program may entail will be covered by the additional 1 262 294 warrants that the Board proposes to be issued.There are no additional costs for the Company or its shareholders  except for the fact that the program at maximum outcome means that the Participants receive Performance Share Rights corresponding to shares representing approximately 1 91 percent of all shares and votes in the Company and that the program in its entirety (including issue of cost covering warrants) can entail a maximum dilution of approximately 2 50 percent.The Board has the right to reduce the number of Performance Share Rights that the Participants can exercise if  for example  the expected taxation of LTI 2025 deviates from the actual taxation and leads to increased costs for the Company. However  such costs are secured  as stated above  by the measure proposed in item 19 c) below.Overall  the Board assesses that the positive earnings effects that may finally arise through LTI 2025 will outweigh the costs related to LTI 2025.Dilution effectThe total number of warrants issued to enable delivery and secure costs is 1 262 294. Upon full exercise of the warrants the number of shares in the Company will increase by 1 262 294. These shares constitute 0.59 percent of the number of shares and votes after full dilution  calculated as the number of additional shares in relation to the total of current and additional shares in the Company.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2025 has been prepared by the Company's Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors. The Board has subsequently resolved to present this proposal to the Annual General Meeting. Except the salaried employees who prepared the matter in accordance with the instruction from the Company's Board  no employee who may be included in the program participated in the preparation of terms and conditions.Other long-term incentive programsThe Company currently has one ongoing performance-based and long-term incentive programme for employees (LTI 2021)  which was resolved on at the Annual General Meeting on 2 June 2021. LTI 2021 covers a maximum of 64 employees in the Company. The maximum number of performance share rights that can be granted under LTI 2021 is limited to 943 207 (corresponding to the same number of shares in the Company). The so-called performance share rights entail that participants in the programme are entitled to receive one warrant in the Company for each performance share right free of charge with a right for its holder to subscribe for one share in the Company at a price corresponding to the quota value of the share at the time the shares are subscribed for (currently SEK 0.05) provided that the vesting conditions are fulfilled. After the vesting period  the participants will be allotted warrants in the Company free of charge provided that certain vesting conditions are fulfilled. In order for the performance share rights to entitle the participants to allotment  it is required that the participants have chosen to maintain their employment in the Company during the current vesting period until 1 January 2025. The performance share rights have vested gradually over approximately four years  corresponding to four periods until 1 January 2025.In addition to the maximum 943 207 warrants that can be allotted to the participants in LTI 2021  the AGM also resolved to issue an additional 377 043 warrants of series 2021:1. These additional warrants shall be available for use to cover the Company's cash-impacting costs for LTI 2021.Based on the maximum theoretical outcome of LTI 2021  a total of 1 320 250 warrants of series 2021:1 may be exercised  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 0 63 percent calculated based on the number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice.The Board's proposal for resolutionWith reference to the above-mentioned description  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the implementation of LTI 2025.Majority requirementThe Board's proposal for resolution regarding the implementation of LTI 2025 is conditioned on the Annual General Meeting approval of the Board's proposal under item 19 a) – c) on the agenda. The Board therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves regarding item 18 and 19 a) –c) jointly and that a resolution shall only be valid if it is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.19. Decision on delivery and hedging measures for LTI 2025(a) Directed issue of warrants  series 2025:1The Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves on a directed issue of 5 279 782 warrants of series 2025:1 with the right to subscribe for new shares in the Company  mainly in accordance with the proposal below.The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company  thus the share capital  upon full exercise of the warrants  will increase by a maximum of SEK 263 989 10.The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to the Company's wholly owned subsidiary Minesto Warrants One ABOversubscription is not possible.Subscription of the warrants shall be made via a separate subscription list no later than 5 June 2025. The Board shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.The warrants shall provide the opportunity to subscribe for shares from the time the warrants are registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until 31 July 2029.The subscription price for the shares subscribed for by virtue of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time the shares are subscribed for.The shares subscribed for by virtue of the warrants shall entitle the holder to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividends that occurs after the subscription of shares through the exercise of the warrants has been executed..The number of shares that can be subscribed for each warrant may be recalculated in accordance with customary recalculation principles due to  among other things  a bonus issue  reverse share split or share split  rights issue or similar measures.The reasons for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights are that the company wishes to implement LTI 2025.The full terms and conditions of the warrants of series 2025:1  including recalculation terms  are set out in the special terms and conditions that will be made available in accordance with what is stated below under ""Other"".(b) Transfer of the warrants to participants in LTI 2025The Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves to approve that the Company  on one or more occasions  may transfer the warrants of series 2025:1 to the participants in LTI 2025 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2025.(c) Transfer of warrants to cover costs for LTI 2025 and authorisation to enter into swap agreementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the Company  on one or more occasions  transfers warrants of series 2025:1 to a third party to cover costs for LTI 2025. This can be achieved  for example  by the Company entering into a swap agreement with a third party.Specific authorisationThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments to the above-mentioned proposed resolution as may be required in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.Majority requirements and conditions for resolutionsThe Board's proposal under item 19 a) - c) is conditional upon the Annual General Meeting approving the Board's proposal on LTI 2025 under item 18 on the agenda. The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on items 18 and 19 a) - c) together and that the resolution shall only be valid if supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.20. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  on issue of shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles during the time until the next Annual General Meeting for payment in cash and/or with terms regarding set-off or issue in kind or otherwise with terms and thereby deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders.The number of shares that may be issued and the number of shares that may be subscribed for with the support of option rights to subscribe for new shares and the number of shares to which convertibles shall entitle subscription shall amount to a maximum of 22 879 000 new shares  corresponding to a dilution of approximately ten percent.The purpose of the authorisation and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable issues to be made for the financing of the Company's operations  commercialisation and development of the Company's products and markets and/or acquisitions of businesses  companies or parts of companies  and/or to enable a broadening of the shareholder base in the Company.If the Board of Directors consider it appropriate to enable delivery of shares in connection with an issue as described above  the issue can be made at a subscription price corresponding to the share's quota value.The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal in accordance with the above is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.21. Resolution regarding adjustment authorizationThe Board of Directors  the Managing Director or any other person appointed by the Board of Directors shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments to the resolutions adopted by the General Meeting as may prove necessary for their registration.Number of shares and votesAs of the date of the notice  the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to ­­­205 911 488.OtherThe notice  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents to be considered at the meeting as well as form of power of attorney will be available at the Company's offices at J A Wettergrens Gata 14 in Västra Frölunda  Sweden  and on the Company's website  www.minesto.com  no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. The documents will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and who provide their e-mail or postal address. The share register will be available at the Company's office at the above address.Shareholders are reminded of their right to request information from the Board of Directors and the CEO at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  notification of and attendance at the meeting and information about proxies  representatives and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where applicable  minutes of the meeting. Personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/697 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For full information on how personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear's website  www.euroclear.com/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Gothenburg in April 2025Minesto ABThe Board of DirectorsThe English version of the notice is an uncertified translation and in the event of any inconsistency between the English notice and the Swedish notice  the Swedish text shall prevail.For additional information  please contactCecilia Sernhage  Chief Communications Officer+46 735 23 71 58ir@minesto.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/minesto-ab/r/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-in-minesto-ab c4137162The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14621/4137162/3395064.pdf Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Minesto ABCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-in-minesto-ab-302430446.html",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.43,0.29,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Minesto AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Frölunda', 'J A Wettergrens Gata', 'Annual General Meeting powers', 'Göran Linder', 'performance-based incentive program', 'Git Sturesjö Adolfsson', 'other authorisation documents', 'personal identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Bengt Adolfsson', 'annual report', 'Minesto AB', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'telephone number', 'share register', 'Hotel Riverton', 'Stora Badhusgatan', 'voting register', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'Jonas Millqvist', 'Joel Lybert', 'Martin Edlund', 'Andreas Gunnarsson', 'Nomination Committee', 'senior executives', 'hedging measures', 'swap agreements', 'adjustment authorizati', 'personal participation', 'Wednesday 14 May', 'Thursday 22 May', 'voting rights', 'due time', 'dated power', 'Friday 16 May', 'valid notification', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'deputy director', 'company name', '10.00 a', '9.30 a', 'directors', 'place', 'Submission', 'attorney', 'access', 'certificates', 'address', 'envelope', 'advance', 'Anyone', 'written', 'copy', 'assistants', 'intention', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'heading', 'GOTHENBURG', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'publ', 'notice', 'Story', 'website', 'entry', 'Business', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairperson', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Board', 'fees', 'Proposal', 'principles', 'guidelines', 'compensation', 'change', 'terms', 'warrants', 'series', 'LTI', 'management', 'employees', 'delivery', 'issue', 'Transfer', 'participants', 'costs', 'authorization', 'convertibles']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,finance.yahoo.com
50113,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/industry-engagement-strong-in-europe-ahead-of-t1-transition-finds-survey/,Industry engagement strong in Europe ahead of T+1 transition  finds survey,Some 62% of global firms are now engaging on plans to prepare for the UK transition to T+1  a new industry survey has found. The ValueExchange report – led by the UK Accelerated Settlement Taskforce and sponsored by Euroclear ,Some 62% of global firms are now engaging on plans to prepare for the UK transition to T+1  a new industry survey has found.The ValueExchange report – led by the UK Accelerated Settlement Taskforce and sponsored by Euroclear  the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) and several industry associations – found that the majority of the 550 organisations surveyed are beginning preparations to meet the guidelines set out by the taskforce’s implementation plan.“We are encouraged to see such strong  early engagement from the industry ahead of the UK’s transition to T+1 in 2027 ” said Andrew Douglas  chair of the UK Accelerated Settlement Taskforce.“With the industry Implementation Plan now published  firms now need to begin their T+1 preparations as soon as possible in 2025  so that they can be fully prepared for our industry deadlines in 2026 and 2027.”Challenges remain  however. The survey revealed a limited amount of planned activity in 2025  while 26% of respondents indicated that they will miss the target of all trade allocations and confirmations being completed on trade date by 31 December 2026.More than half of respondents (51%) said they need more clarity on the specific operational details behind the industry guidelines  with alignment discrepancies between the UK and the EU a key concern for participants.Chris Elms  chief executive of Euroclear UK and International  added: “There is strong industry engagement on the UK’s T+1 transition  and it is encouraging that many firms are building on their North American T+1 investment and expecting those upgrades to benefit the UK transition.“But  with 26% already at risk of missing the 2026 deadline for same-day allocations  and 35% unclear on what T+1 means in practice  particularly around funding and valuations  the need for decisive action is pressing.”,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Industry engagement', 'T+1 transition', 'Europe', 'survey', 'North American T+1 investment', 'UK Accelerated Settlement Taskforce', 'The ValueExchange report', 'strong, early engagement', 'specific operational details', 'several industry associations', 'strong industry engagement', 'new industry survey', 'industry Implementation Plan', 'industry deadlines', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'beginning preparations', 'Andrew Douglas', 'limited amount', 'trade allocations', 'trade date', 'alignment discrepancies', 'key concern', 'Chris Elms', 'chief executive', 'same-day allocations', 'decisive action', 'industry guidelines', 'UK transition', 'T+1 preparations', 'global firms', 'many firms', 'Euroclear UK', 'T+1 transition', 'plans', 'DTCC', 'majority', '550 organisations', 'chair', 'Challenges', 'activity', 'respondents', 'target', 'confirmations', '31 December', 'half', 'clarity', 'participants', 'International', 'upgrades', 'risk', '2026 deadline', 'practice', 'funding', 'valuations', 'need']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,thetradenews.com
50114,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-120000855.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting,GENERAL MEETING Shareholders of BTS Group AB (publ)  org. no 556566-7119  are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on Friday  May 16th  2025  at 10:00 AM  at the office of Hallvarsson & Halvarsson ,BTS GROUP ABANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders of BTS Group AB (publ)  org. no 556566-7119  are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on Friday  May 16th  2025  at 10:00 AM  at the office of Hallvarsson & Halvarsson  located at Malmskillnadsgatan 29  9th floor  Stockholm.Shareholders who wish to participate must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 8th  2025  and register with BTS Group AB no later than Monday  May 12th  2025. The notification is made either in writing to BTS Group AB  Grevgatan 34  SE-114 53 Stockholm  Sweden  by e-mail to ir@bts.com or by phone (+46858707000).Upon notification  the shareholder must state the name  personal identity number or corporate identity number  address  telephone number and registered shareholding. Proxies  registration certificates and other authorization documents must be available at the general meeting  and should  to facilitate entry to the meeting  be submitted to the company no later than Monday  May 12th  2025. The power of attorney may not be older than 1 year  unless the power of attorney is valid longer (but not more than 5 years). The company provides proxy forms on the company's website (www.bts.com) and sends these free of charge to the shareholders who request it and state their postal address.Shareholders who have chosen to register their shares in the name of a trustee must  to participate in the meeting  temporarily re-register their shares through the trustees' care in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB. The presentation of the general meeting share register  as of the record date  i.e. Thursday  May 8th  2025  will consider voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Monday May 12th  2025. This means that the shareholder should inform their trustee well in advance of this date.Draft agenda,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'general meeting share register', 'other authorization documents', 'voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'BTS GROUP AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Monday May 12th', 'telephone number', '9th floor', 'registered shareholding', 'registration certificates', 'proxy forms', ""trustees' care"", 'Draft agenda', 'May 16th', 'postal address', 'record date', 'Shareholders', 'publ', 'AGM', 'Friday', '10:00 AM', 'office', 'Hallvarsson', 'Halvarsson', 'Malmskillnadsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'Thursday', 'notification', 'writing', 'Grevgatan', 'SE', 'mail', 'ir', 'name', 'Proxies', 'entry', 'company', 'power', 'attorney', '1 year', '5 years', 'website', 'charge', 'shares', '8th', 'advance']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,finance.yahoo.com
50115,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109435716/MPC-Capital-Successfully-Sells-Jamaicas-Largest-Solar-Power-Plant,MPC Capital Successfully Sells Jamaica's Largest Solar Power Plant,Commissioned in 2019  Paradise Park was the first asset of MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited and plays a central role in achieving Jamaica's sustainable energy goals. The project was developed in partnership with Neoen and financed by the French development bank PROPARCO and the Dutch development bank FMO.,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousMPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plant16.04.2025 / 08:23 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release MPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plant Hamburg  16 April 2025 - Investment and asset manager MPC Capital (Deutsche Börse  Scale  ISIN DE000A1TNWJ4) announces the successful closing of the sale of the Paradise Park PV solar power plant in Jamaica. The 51 MWp solar park  the largest in the island nation  was sold by MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited to InterEnergy Group  an integrated energy solutions provider operating in Latin America and the Caribbean. Commissioned in 2019  Paradise Park was the first asset of MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited and plays a central role in achieving Jamaica's sustainable energy goals. The project was developed in partnership with Neoen and financed by the French development bank PROPARCO and the Dutch development bank FMO. Dr. Philipp Lauenstein  CFO of MPC Capital AG:“As our first project in the Caribbean  Paradise Park has been of significant importance for MPC Capital since the start of construction. We are therefore very pleased that our team has successfully managed this project over the entire cycle from development to construction and on to sale.” About MPC Capital () MPC Capital is a global investment and asset manager for infrastructure projects. In the areas of maritime and energy infrastructure  MPC Capital initiates tailor-made investment solutions and offers a broad range of asset management services. With more than 300 employees  the MPC Capital Group manages Assets under Management (AuM) of EUR 5.1 billion. As a responsible company that has been listed on the stock exchange since 2000  MPC Capital actively contributes to financing the investment needs to achieve global climate goals. Contact MPC Capital AGStefan ZenkerHead of Investor Relations & Public RelationsTel. +49 (40) 380 22-4347E-Mail: ... This release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Future results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to various risk factors and uncertainties  such as changes in business  economic and competitive conditions  exchange rate fluctuations  uncertainties regarding litigation or investigations  and the availability of financing. MPC Capital AG assumes no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release.16.04.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive atLanguage: English Company: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG Palmaille 75 22767 Hamburg Germany Phone: +49 (0)40 380 22-0 Fax: +49 (0)40 380 22-4878 E-mail: ... Internet: ISIN: DE000A1TNWJ4 WKN: A1TNWJ Indices: Scale 30 Listed: Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin  Dusseldorf  Frankfurt (Scale)  Hamburg  Hanover  Munich  Stuttgart  Tradegate Exchange EQS News ID: 2118704End of News EQS News Service,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Largest Solar Power Plant', 'MPC Capital', 'Jamaica', 'MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG Palmaille', 'Paradise Park PV solar power plant', 'MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited', 'Tradegate Exchange EQS News ID', 'largest solar power plant', 'integrated energy solutions provider', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'News EQS News Service', 'MPC Capital AG', '51 MWp solar park', 'sustainable energy goals', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Dr. Philipp Lauenstein', 'various risk factors', 'Regulated Unofficial Market', 'tailor-made investment solutions', 'global climate goals', 'MPC Capital Group', 'French development bank', 'Dutch development bank', 'asset management services', 'energy infrastructure', 'EQS Group', 'stock exchange', 'Corporate News', 'global investment', 'InterEnergy Group', 'asset manager', 'first asset', 'Key word', 'successful closing', 'island nation', 'Latin America', 'central role', 'significant importance', 'entire cycle', 'infrastructure projects', 'broad range', 'responsible company', 'investment needs', 'Stefan Zenker', 'Investor Relations', 'Public Relations', 'forward-looking statements', 'Future results', 'competitive conditions', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'English Company', 'DE000A1TNWJ4 WKN', 'A1TNWJ Indices', 'ISIN DE000A1TNWJ', 'CEST Dissemination', 'first project', '22767 Hamburg Germany', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'Jamaica', 'issuer', 'content', 'Scale', 'sale', 'partnership', 'Neoen', 'PROPARCO', 'FMO', 'CFO', 'start', 'construction', 'team', 'areas', 'maritime', '300 employees', 'Assets', 'AuM', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'business', 'economic', 'litigation', 'investigations', 'availability', 'financing', 'responsibility', 'CET', 'Archive', 'Language', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'Internet', 'Berlin', 'Dusseldorf', 'Frankfurt', 'Hanover', 'Munich', 'Stuttgart', 'End']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,menafn.com
50116,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-mpc-capital-successfully-sells-jamaica-s-largest-solar-power-plant-1034588320,EQS-News: MPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plant,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG    / Key word (s): Miscellaneous MPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plant 16.04.2025 / 08:23 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousMPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plant16.04.2025 / 08:23 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press ReleaseMPC Capital successfully sells Jamaica's largest solar power plantHamburg  16 April 2025 - Investment and asset manager MPC Capital (Deutsche Börse  Scale  ISIN DE000A1TNWJ4) announces the successful closing of the sale of the Paradise Park PV solar power plant in Jamaica. The 51 MWp solar park  the largest in the island nation  was sold by MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited to InterEnergy Group  an integrated energy solutions provider operating in Latin America and the Caribbean.Commissioned in 2019  Paradise Park was the first asset of MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited and plays a central role in achieving Jamaica's sustainable energy goals. The project was developed in partnership with Neoen and financed by the French development bank PROPARCO and the Dutch development bank FMO.Dr. Philipp Lauenstein  CFO of MPC Capital AG: “As our first project in the Caribbean  Paradise Park has been of significant importance for MPC Capital since the start of construction. We are therefore very pleased that our team has successfully managed this project over the entire cycle from development to construction and on to sale.”About MPC Capital (www.mpc-capital.com)MPC Capital is a global investment and asset manager for infrastructure projects. In the areas of maritime and energy infrastructure  MPC Capital initiates tailor-made investment solutions and offers a broad range of asset management services. With more than 300 employees  the MPC Capital Group manages Assets under Management (AuM) of EUR 5.1 billion. As a responsible company that has been listed on the stock exchange since 2000  MPC Capital actively contributes to financing the investment needs to achieve global climate goals.ContactMPC Capital AGStefan ZenkerHead of Investor Relations & Public RelationsTel. +49 (40) 380 22-4347E-Mail: s.zenker@mpc-capital.comThis release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Future results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to various risk factors and uncertainties  such as changes in business  economic and competitive conditions  exchange rate fluctuations  uncertainties regarding litigation or investigations  and the availability of financing. MPC Capital AG assumes no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release.,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['largest solar power plant', 'MPC Capital', 'EQS-News', 'Jamaica', 'MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG', 'Paradise Park PV solar power plant', 'MPC Caribbean Clean Energy Limited', 'largest solar power plant', 'integrated energy solutions provider', '51 MWp solar park', 'sustainable energy goals', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Dr. Philipp Lauenstein', 'various risk factors', 'MPC Capital AG', 'tailor-made investment solutions', 'global climate goals', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'French development bank', 'Dutch development bank', 'MPC Capital Group', 'asset management services', 'energy infrastructure', 'InterEnergy Group', 'global investment', 'stock exchange', 'asset manager', 'first asset', 'Key word', 'ISIN DE000A1TNWJ', 'successful closing', 'island nation', 'Latin America', 'central role', 'significant importance', 'entire cycle', 'infrastructure projects', 'broad range', 'responsible company', 'investment needs', 'Stefan Zenker', 'Investor Relations', 'Public Relations', 'forward-looking statements', 'Future results', 'competitive conditions', 'Press Release', 'first project', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'Jamaica', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Hamburg', '16 April', 'Scale', 'sale', 'partnership', 'Neoen', 'PROPARCO', 'FMO', 'CFO', 'start', 'construction', 'team', 'areas', 'maritime', '300 employees', 'Assets', 'AuM', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'business', 'economic', 'litigation', 'investigations', 'availability', 'financing', 'responsibility']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,markets.businessinsider.com
50117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/105232/irish-capital-markets-tech-company-assiduous-secures-1-million-in-funding,Irish capital markets tech company Assiduous secures €1 million in funding,Assiduous Corp Ltd. (“Assiduous”)  an Irish capital markets tech company  today announced that it has secured €1 million in funding and announced the launch of the Corporate Finance Autopilot.,Assiduous Corp Ltd. (“Assiduous”)  an Irish capital markets tech company  today announced that it has secured €1 million in funding and announced the launch of the Corporate Finance Autopilot.0Assiduous’ Corporate Finance AutopilotTM  a virtual corporate finance service-as-a-software solution  enabled by the latest AI advances  bridges the gap between business owners and capital markets. The Corporate Finance AutopilotTM supports small and medium sized companies preparing for strategic  financing and liquidity transactions with a whole of lifecycle approach.Through this oversubscribed private investment round  which was backed by experienced business owners and executives  with the support of Enterprise Ireland High-Potential Start-Up (HPSU) funding  Assiduous secured the funding to bring its AI native solution to market and to execute on its product development roadmap through 2025 and 2026.The company will also use the funding to expand its technical team  to take advantage of the latest advances in agentic AI and recruit exceptional product and engineering talent with a passion for applying AI to high value use cases.Having also recently completed the EU co-funded EIT Digital Open Innovation Factory 2024 programme of activities  Assiduous has established a strategic collaboration with Euronext Group to facilitate access for small and medium sized companies to Euronext markets earlier in their lifecycle. As a constituent of EIT Digital’s Equity Portfolio Assiduous will benefit from continued support and access to stakeholders in the European innovation ecosystem.Assiduous was founded by experienced investment bankers Fergal Meegan and Barry Murphy and is headquartered at NovaUCD in Dublin.Fergal Meegan  Chief Executive Officer  Assiduous  said  “Businesses are at a pivotal moment in the application of technology to the provision of professional services. We are only scratching the surface with the value that can be created for business owners from leveraging AI to do more with less. Assiduous is focused on embedding corporate advisory domain expertise at the application layer to unlock the power of foundation models for many more small and medium sized business owners seeking to contemplate  plan and execute high value corporate actions.”Conor O’Donovan  Head of Start-ups at Enterprise Ireland  said  “Assiduous is an excellent example of a forward-thinking Irish start-up that is using cutting-edge technology to address a massive unmet market need. The company’s growth plans aligns with Enterprise Ireland’s new five-year strategy Delivering for Ireland  Leading Globally  with a key objective to support and enable SMEs to engage with the start-up ecosystem  to execute financing and strategic transactions and to grow the next generation of Irish multinational corporations.”Dénes Csiszár  Interim Head of Acceleration and Growth at EIT Digital  said  “We are pleased that we could provide financial support for Assiduous at a formative stage in its evolution. We are excited about Assiduous’ prospects to solve some of Europe’s critical strategic and financing challenges for SMEs using the latest artificial intelligence innovations. We look forward to witnessing Assiduous’ progress in the coming years as a as a champion for European SMEs and as a shareholder.”,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Irish capital markets tech company', 'Assiduous', 'funding', 'EIT Digital Open Innovation Factory 2024 programme', 'Enterprise Ireland High-Potential Start-Up (HPSU) funding', 'Irish capital markets tech company', 'Dénes Csiszár', 'corporate advisory domain expertise', 'virtual corporate finance service', 'The Corporate Finance AutopilotTM', 'high value use cases', 'latest artificial intelligence innovations', 'high value corporate actions', 'massive unmet market need', 'Assiduous’ Corporate Finance AutopilotTM', 'medium sized business owners', 'thinking Irish start-up', 'medium sized companies', 'Irish multinational corporations', 'European innovation ecosystem', 'private investment round', 'experienced investment bankers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Conor O’Donovan', 'new five-year strategy', 'experienced business owners', 'product development roadmap', 'Assiduous Corp Ltd.', 'Equity Portfolio Assiduous', 'latest AI advances', 'AI native solution', 'start-up ecosystem', 'latest advances', 'Euronext markets', 'software solution', 'exceptional product', 'liquidity transactions', 'technical team', 'agentic AI', 'engineering talent', 'strategic collaboration', 'Euronext Group', 'Fergal Meegan', 'Barry Murphy', 'pivotal moment', 'professional services', 'foundation models', 'excellent example', 'key objective', 'strategic transactions', 'next generation', 'formative stage', 'critical strategic', 'coming years', 'European SMEs', 'Assiduous’ prospects', 'Assiduous’ progress', 'strategic, financing', 'continued support', 'financial support', 'financing challenges', 'lifecycle approach', 'application layer', 'cutting-edge technology', 'growth plans', 'Interim Head', 'launch', 'gap', 'small', 'executives', 'advantage', 'passion', 'activities', 'access', 'constituent', 'stakeholders', 'NovaUCD', 'Dublin', 'Businesses', 'provision', 'surface', 'less', 'power', 'many', 'Start-ups', 'forward', 'Acceleration', 'evolution', 'champion', 'shareholder']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,finextra.com
50118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061939/0/en/Results-of-the-Stellantis-2025-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Results of the Stellantis 2025 Annual General Meeting,Results of the Stellantis 2025 Annual General Meeting   AMSTERDAM  April 15  2025 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”) announced today that all resolutions......,Results of the Stellantis 2025 Annual General MeetingAMSTERDAM  April 15  2025 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”) announced today that all resolutions submitted to the shareholders for approval at the Annual General Meeting (AGM)  which was held in person and webcast live on the Stellantis website  were approved  including the proposal to approve a EUR 2 billion dividend distribution on common shares.The proposed distribution will result in a payment to holders of common shares of EUR 0.68 per outstanding common share. Holders of common shares traded on the NYSE will receive USD 0.773636 per common share  based on the USD/EUR foreign exchange reference rate reported by the European Central Bank on April 14  2025. The distribution will be paid from profits reported in the 2024 Annual Accounts. The expected calendar is: (i) Ex-date: April 22  2025 for Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris and April 23  2025 for NYSE; (ii) Record date: April 23  2025; (iii) Payment date: May 5  2025.In addition  the AGM appointed Ms. Fiona Cicconi  Mr. Nicolas Dufourcq  Ms. Ann Godbehere  Ms. Claudia Parzani  Mr. Daniel Ramot  Mr. Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas and Ms. Alice Schroeder as non-executive directors.The Company takes note of the feedback resulting from the advisory vote on the Remuneration Report in accordance with Dutch regulation on AGMs  which was 66.9% in favor  while the amended Remuneration Policy and Equity Incentive plan were approved with 72.8% and 81.1% favorable votes. The Company will detail in the 2025 Remuneration Report how the advisory vote has been considered.Details of the resolutions submitted to the AGM are available on the Company’s corporate website (www.stellantis.com).# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is a leading global automaker  dedicated to giving its customers the freedom to choose the way they move  embracing the latest technologies and creating value for all its stakeholders. Its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands includes Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Stellantis 2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Results', 'USD/EUR foreign exchange reference rate', 'Mr. Benoît Ribadeau-Dumas', 'Stellantis 2025 Annual General Meeting', 'EUR 2 billion dividend distribution', 'Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis', 'Mr. Nicolas Dufourcq', 'Mr. Daniel Ramot', 'European Central Bank', 'Ms. Fiona Cicconi', 'Ms. Ann Godbehere', 'Ms. Claudia Parzani', 'Ms. Alice Schroeder', 'Equity Incentive plan', 'leading global automaker', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'outstanding common share', '2024 Annual Accounts', 'Citroën', 'Stellantis website', 'common shares', 'expected calendar', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'Record date', 'executive directors', 'advisory vote', 'Remuneration Report', 'Dutch regulation', 'Remuneration Policy', '81.1% favorable votes', 'corporate website', 'latest technologies', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Payment date', 'The Company', 'Results', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'resolutions', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'AGM', 'person', 'proposal', 'NYSE', 'profits', 'May', 'addition', 'note', 'feedback', 'accordance', 'Details', 'STLA', 'customers', 'freedom', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'information', 'Attachment']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061956/0/en/2025-scrip-dividend-Change-in-ARGAN-s-share-capital.html,2025 scrip dividend: Change in ARGAN’s share capital,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  April 15  2025 – 5.45 pm     2025 scrip dividend:Change in ARGAN’s share capital     Following the...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  April 15  2025 – 5.45 pm2025 scrip dividend:Change in ARGAN’s share capitalFollowing the resolution voted at the Shareholders’ General Meeting on March 20  ARGAN specifies that the option for the scrip dividend was chosen by its shareholders at a rate of 22.02%. The subscription period  which lasted from March 28 to April 11  2025  included  took place on a particularly adverse backdrop linked to turbulences created on financial markets by the new tariff policy implemented by the United States.Consequently  323 137 new shares will be issued and admitted on the Euronext Paris market  representing an increase of 1.3% of total shares.As of April 17  2025  the day on which the dividend for 2024 will take place  both in cash and in shares  the total number of voting rights and shares that form the capital of Argan will be as follows:March 31  2025 April 17  2025 Total number of shares that form the Company's capital 25 414 552 25 737 689 Theoretical total number of voting rights (1) 25 414 552 25 737 689 Actual total number of voting rights (2) 25 399 614 25 720 984(1) Including the number of shares deprived of voting rights (treasury shares within the framework of the liquidity contract)(2) Not including the number of shares deprived of voting rights2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20252026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 26: General Assembly 2026About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled – i.e.  carbon-neutral in use – pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (silver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['2025 scrip dividend', 'Change', 'ARGAN', 'share', 'capital', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'committed ESG policy', 'low extra-financial risk', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'new tariff policy', 'yearly rental income', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'Theoretical total number', 'Actual total number', 'Euronext Paris market', 'French SIIC', 'General Assembly', 'General Secretary', 'rental management', 'Press release', 'subscription period', 'adverse backdrop', 'financial markets', 'United States', 'voting rights', 'liquidity contract', '2025 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', '2026 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'leading player', 'tailor-made services', 'project phases', '3.7 million sq', 'continental area', 'financial solidity', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'third-party agencies', 'gold medal', 'silver medal', 'Euronext SBF', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', '323,137 new shares', '2025 scrip dividend', 'hundred warehouses', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'total shares', 'blue-chip companies', 'development milestones', 'treasury shares', 'share capital', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'ARGAN', 'resolution', 'March', 'option', 'rate', 'place', 'turbulences', 'increase', 'cash', 'framework', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'Au0nom®', 'December', 'portfolio', 'Dec.', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'Group', 'model', 'BBB', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'stakeholders', 'Achievements', 'roadmap', 'Sustainalytics', 'Ethifinance', 'Ecovadis', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5.45', '2024']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061372/0/en/Sales-Stabilized-and-SHIFT-plan-on-Track-in-Q1-2025.html,Sales Stabilized and SHIFT plan on Track in Q1 2025,PRESS RELEASE  Amsterdam 15 April 2025. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming...,"PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 15 April 2025. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its trading update for the first quarter of 2025.Throughout the first quarter of 2025  the market remained volatile amid continuing global economic and political uncertainties. Despite these factors  we are reassured by our sales performance for Q1 2025  which reached €44.1 million  consistent with the same period last year and in line with our earlier projections.Given that sales for 2025 are expected to be at least at the same level as 2024  the primary focus has been on stabilizing results through execution of the ""SHIFT"" plan. Under this initiative  several measures have been implemented to balance cash inflows and outflows. We are progressing well with our plan  and the initial efforts have already begun to yield positive results. We will continue to execute our plan throughout the year.In Europe  total sales grew by 3% year-over-year  reflecting a strong recovery in Contract Manufacturing and stable sales in our Portfolio and Customized Solutions segments.In the US  revenue was €0.5 million lower compared to Q1 last year. This decline was fully attributable to the volatile and uncertain market conditions in the US. This resulted in a slow start for our Portfolio sales in the US  but we are confident that our sales strategy will drive growth in the upcoming period.ECO product volumes were higher compared to last year. However  due to a deliberate reduction in our inventory  we produced fewer products  which led to lower recycling sales for the first quarter. Consequently  this resulted in a 3% decrease in year-over-year sales for ECO.OutlookWe reiterate our guidance for sales and EBITDA for 2025  expecting them to be at least at the same level as 2024. Market circumstances remain challenging given the current macro environment  with our customers remaining cautious with their capex spending. In August 2024  we successfully obtained a temporary waiver and adjustment to certain financial covenants with our banking partners  valid until the end of Q2 2025. Given our outlook and the current financial and operational challenges  we are proactively engaging in discussions with the banks with the objective to align and renegotiate the terms of the debt facility and the financial covenants.Financial Calendar 2025May 29 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders August 12 Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 2025 October 21 Trading Update Q3 2025For more information  please contact:Nadia Lubbe  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com  or n.lubbe@cabka.com+49 152 243 254 79www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.26,0.64,True,English,"['SHIFT plan', 'Track', 'Q1', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'May 29 Annual General Meeting', 'international securities identification number', 'continuing global economic', 'Customized Solutions segments', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'full value chain', 'road safety products', 'current macro environment', 'uncertain market conditions', 'Trading Update Q3', 'rare industry knowledge', 'ECO product volumes', 'Cabka N.V.', 'fewer products', 'current financial', 'current view', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'earlier projections', 'same level', 'primary focus', 'several measures', 'cash inflows', 'initial efforts', 'strong recovery', 'slow start', 'upcoming period', 'deliberate reduction', 'Market circumstances', 'capex spending', 'temporary waiver', 'financial covenants', 'banking partners', 'operational challenges', 'debt facility', 'Financial Calendar', 'Half-Year Report', 'Press contact', 'Commercial contact', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'looking statements', 'sales performance', 'total sales', 'stable sales', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'plastic waste', 'positive results', 'Half-Year Results', 'post-industrial waste', 'actual results', 'Contract Manufacturing', 'Nadia Lubbe', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'last year', 'political uncertainties', 'SHIFT"" plan', 'Portfolio sales', 'sales strategy', 'CABKA ticker', 'The Company', 'year sales', 'recycling sales', 'post-consumer waste', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'factors', 'Q1', 'line', 'execution', 'initiative', 'outflows', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'volatile', 'growth', 'inventory', '3% decrease', 'Outlook', 'guidance', 'EBITDA', 'customers', 'August', 'adjustment', 'Q2', 'discussions', 'banks', 'objective', 'terms', 'Shareholders', 'information', 'Investor', 'business', 'construction', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'publication', 'obligation']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061366/0/en/Weekly-progress-on-share-repurchase-program-to-cover-share-plans-and-reduce-capital.html,Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital,Press Release  Weekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capital  Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht...,Press ReleaseWeekly progress on share repurchase program to cover share plans and reduce capitalKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  April 15  2025dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  announced on February 13  2025 its intention to repurchase ordinary shares with an aggregate market value of €1 billion and reduce its issued capital  starting with an initial €500 million. On April 1  2025  the company commenced a program to repurchase ordinary shares for a total amount of €580 million  of which €80 million to cover commitments under the Group’s share-based compensation plans and €500 million to reduce its issued capital.In accordance with regulations  dsm-firmenich informs the market that during the period from April 7  2025 up to and including April 11  2025 a total number of 216 266 shares have been repurchased on its behalf. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €85.88 per share for a total amount of €18.6 million.The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 349 669 shares at an average price of €87.97 for a total consideration of €30.8 million.This €580 million share repurchase program will be completed no later than six months from the start date  and thereafter an additional €500 million share repurchase program is intended upon the completion of the sale of dsm-firmenich’s stake in the Feed Enzymes Alliance.For more detailed information see ‘Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced April 1  2025’.For more information  please contact:dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries:Email: investors@dsm-firmenich.comdsm-firmenich media enquiries:Email: media@dsm-firmenich.comAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company with dual headquarters in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland and Maastricht  Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people. www.dsm-firmenich.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute or form part of  an offer or any solicitation of an offer for securities in any jurisdiction. This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'share plans', 'Weekly progress', 'capital', 'additional €500 million share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', '€580 million share repurchase program', 'dsm-firmenich investor relations enquiries', 'Feed Enzymes Alliance', 'Daily transaction details', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'English language version', 'other language versions', 'aggregate market value', 'share-based compensation plans', 'dsm-firmenich media enquiries', 'share plans', 'Press Release', 'total amount', 'total number', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'vital nutrients', 'growing population', 'comprehensive range', 'renewable ingredients', 'renowned science', 'technology capabilities', 'dual headquarters', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'actual performance', 'Weekly progress', 'start date', 'detailed information', 'looking statements', 'Such statements', 'inside information', 'ordinary shares', 'Swiss company', '216,266 shares', '349,669 shares', 'capital', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'innovators', 'nutrition', 'health', 'beauty', 'February', 'intention', 'initial €', 'commitments', 'Group', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'period', 'behalf', 'six', 'completion', 'sale', 'stake', 'Email', 'investors', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'solutions', 'natural', 'life', 'consumers', 'planet', 'operations', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'billions', 'people', 'Disclaimer', 'part', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'forward', 'respect', 'future', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'position', 'obligation', 'law', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment', '15']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061374/0/en/Galapagos-Announces-Departure-of-Thad-Huston-CFO-and-COO-as-of-August-1-2025.html,Galapagos Announces Departure of Thad Huston  CFO and COO  as of August 1  2025,Mechelen  Belgium; April 15  2025  07:30 CET; regulated information – inside information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today an…,Mechelen  Belgium; April 15  2025  07:30 CET; regulated information – inside information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today announced the departure of its CFO and COO  Thad Huston  effective as of August 1  2025.Mr. Huston has decided to leave the company and return to the U.S. for personal and professional reasons. Mr. Huston joined Galapagos NV in 2023 from Kite Pharma  Inc.  to support Galapagos’ transformation into a cell therapy company. The company expects to announce Mr. Huston’s successor in the coming months.Paul Stoffels1  MD  CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors of Galapagos  said “Over the past two years  Thad has worked on the transformation of Galapagos into a focused cell therapy business leveraging our unique decentralized cell therapy platform to deliver fresh  stem-like early memory CAR-T therapy with a vein-to-vein time of seven days. Thad will remain with the company until August 1  2025 to ensure a smooth handover of responsibilities. We thank Thad for his contributions and wish him the best as he pursues other opportunities.”This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation).For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Glenn Schulman+1 412 522 6239ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “estimate ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “intend ” “future ” “potential ” “could ” “indicate ” “forward ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding key personnel  statements regarding the intended separation of Galapagos into two public companies and related transactions  including the expected timeline of such transactions  the anticipated benefits and synergies of such transactions and the receipt of regulatory and shareholder approvals for such transactions  and statements regarding the announcement of a suitable successor for the CFO & COO. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the possibility that Galapagos and SpinCo will encounter challenges retaining or attracting talent  risks related to our ability to effectively transfer knowledge  the risks associated with the anticipated transactions  including the risk that regulatory and shareholder approvals required in connection with the transactions will not be received or obtained within the expected time frame or at all  the risk that the transactions and/or the necessary conditions to consummate the transactions will not be satisfied on a timely basis or at all  uncertainties regarding our ability to successfully separate Galapagos into two companies and realize the anticipated benefits from the separation within the expected time frame or at all  the two separate companies’ ability to succeed as stand-alone  publicly traded companies  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances  or changes in expectations.1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.17,0.6,True,English,"['Thad Huston', 'Galapagos', 'Departure', 'CFO', 'COO', 'August', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'unique decentralized cell therapy platform', 'focused cell therapy business', 'early memory CAR-T therapy', 'two separate companies’ ability', 'cell therapy company', 'past two years', 'U.S. Securities', 'two public companies', 'Stoffels IMC BV', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'global biotechnology company', 'Galapagos’ actual results', 'Galapagos’ Annual Report', 'market abuse regulation', 'two companies', 'traded companies', 'patient outcomes', 'life-changing science', 'Mr. Huston', 'professional reasons', 'Kite Pharma', 'coming months', 'seven days', 'smooth handover', 'other opportunities', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'Media inquiries', 'Srikant Ramaswami', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Glenn Schulman', 'similar expressions', 'key personnel', 'expected timeline', 'shareholder approvals', 'other factors', 'necessary conditions', 'timely basis', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'historical fact', 'subsequent events', 'press release', 'time frame', 'Galapagos NV', 'Forward-looking statements', 'intended separation', 'suitable successor', 'current expectations', 'regulated information', 'new information', 'Thad Huston', 'unknown risks', 'Galapagos’ transformation', 'related transactions', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'innovation', 'departure', 'CFO', 'COO', 'August', 'personal', 'Inc.', 'MD', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Board', 'Directors', 'responsibilities', 'contributions', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Council', 'words', 'phrases', 'plan', 'future', 'benefits', 'synergies', 'receipt', 'regulatory', 'announcement', 'uncertainties', 'limitation', 'possibility', 'SpinCo', 'challenges', 'talent', 'knowledge', 'connection', 'SEC.', 'management', 'beliefs', 'date', 'commitment', 'revisions', 'order', 'circumstances', 'changes', 'Attachment', '07:30']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061376/0/en/Cabka-N-V-Publishes-2024-Integrated-Annual-Report-with-ESRS-Aligned-Sustainability-Statement.html,Cabka N.V. Publishes 2024 Integrated Annual Report with ESRS-Aligned Sustainability Statement,PRESS RELEASE    Amsterdam 15 April 2025. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming......,"PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam 15 April 2025. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard-to-recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  today announces the publication of its Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2024.Cabka N.V. is proud to announce the publication of its first Integrated Annual Report  which includes a sustainability statement voluntarily prepared in compliance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and verified with limited assurance by an independent auditor. This milestone reflects our commitment to transparent  credible  and standardized sustainability reporting  even as the EU regulatory framework remains under review as part of the omnibus proposal  and as national implementation into Dutch law is still pending. It is our ambition to be the sustainability leader in our industry.""While uncertainties around CSRD implementation persist  aligning with ESRS is a proactive step that underscores our commitment to transparency  trust  and measurable sustainability impact "" said Alexander Masharov  CEO of Cabka N.V.The Integrated Annual Report offers a comprehensive overview of both Cabka’s financial results and our environmental  social  and governance (ESG) performance. The sustainability statement outlines information on our material sustainability topics based on significant impacts  risks  and opportunities  and on how sustainability considerations are integrated across our business and strategy. Cabka remains committed to its ESG strategy and the targets it developed in 2022. Following the update of our double materiality analysis in 2024  additional targets were determined in light of new material ESG matters that were identified in the process.""We are excited to take this significant step towards greater transparency and accountability "" said Katrin Poirier  Sustainability Director of Cabka. ""The integration of financials and assured sustainability disclosure reflects our long-term commitment to sustainability and efforts to create value for all our stakeholders.”The 2024 Integrated Annual Report is available for download on our investor section of the Cabka website under Reports & Presentations.Financial Calendar 2025May 29 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders August 12 Half-Year Results and Half-Year Report 2025 October 21 Trading Update Q3 2025For more information  please contact:Nadia Lubbe  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com  or n.lubbe@cabka.com+49 152 243 254 79www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.17,0.71,True,English,"['Cabka N.V.', '2024 Integrated Annual Report', 'ESRS-Aligned Sustainability Statement', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'international securities identification number', 'May 29 Annual General Meeting', 'first Integrated Annual Report', 'new material ESG matters', 'The Integrated Annual Report', 'The 2024 Integrated Annual Report', 'European Sustainability Reporting Standards', 'EU regulatory framework', 'double materiality analysis', 'large container solutions', 'road safety products', 'standardized sustainability reporting', 'material sustainability topics', 'measurable sustainability impact', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'full value chain', 'rare industry knowledge', 'Cabka N.V.', 'Half-Year Report', 'integrated approach', 'ESG) performance', 'The Company', 'sustainability statement', 'sustainability leader', 'sustainability considerations', 'Sustainability Director', 'sustainability disclosure', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'financial year', 'limited assurance', 'independent auditor', 'omnibus proposal', 'national implementation', 'CSRD implementation', 'proactive step', 'Alexander Masharov', 'comprehensive overview', 'significant impacts', 'ESG strategy', 'significant step', 'Katrin Poirier', 'Financial Calendar', 'Press contact', 'Commercial contact', 'ECO product', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'looking statements', 'financial results', 'Half-Year Results', 'actual results', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'Dutch law', 'additional targets', 'greater transparency', 'investor section', 'Trading Update', 'Nadia Lubbe', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Cabka website', 'CABKA ticker', 'long-term commitment', 'other risks', 'post-consumer waste', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'hard-to', 'RTP', 'publication', 'compliance', 'ESRS', 'milestone', 'review', 'part', 'ambition', 'uncertainties', 'trust', 'CEO', 'governance', 'information', 'opportunities', 'business', 'light', 'process', 'accountability', 'integration', 'financials', 'assured', 'efforts', 'stakeholders', 'download', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'Shareholders', 'October', 'investors', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/04/15/molten-ventures-to-delist-from-dublin-amid-post-brexit-challenges/,Molten Ventures to delist from Dublin amid post-Brexit challenges,VC firm will remain listed in London,Euronext Dublin has seen a number of companies delist over the past decade. Photograph: Alan BetsonMolten Ventures  the Irish State-backed venture capital firm  said that it has decided to quit the Dublin stock market and remain quoted in London  as it has become increasingly challenging to deal with diverging regulatory requirements in the wake of Brexit.The company  which listed in Dublin almost a decade ago  said that it remains committed to investing in Ireland  having launched an Irish-focused fund with the backing of the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF). ISIF owns about 7.4 per cent of Molten Ventures.The Irish Fund invests into high growth technology companies whose core activities  management and expertise are based in the Republic.“Molten has benefited from a listing in Ireland for almost a decade. This  however  has become increasingly difficult to maintain with further divergence in regulatory requirements and expectations between the UK and the European Union following Brexit ” the company said in a statement on Tuesday.READ MOREIt is anticipated the delisting will simplify compliance and regulatory obligations of Molten and reduce central costs  the company said. Molten’s shares are very thinly traded in Dublin.“We’ve been investing in Irish technology companies for over 15 years  including our continued support of companies like [drone delivery company] Manna and  most recently Deciphex  an AI-powered digital diagnostics company ” said Nicola McClafferty  a partner with Molten Ventures.The Irish fund’s other domestic holdings include Sweepr  a tech provider to telecoms companies  fintech CurrencyFair and cybersecurity company Vaultree.“Ireland is a key geography for innovation and technical talent  and Molten Ventures is proud to be part of this vibrant ecosystem. We are committed to maintaining our presence here  backing world-leading Irish companies and founders.”The delisting marks a further shrinking of the Dublin stock market  or Euronext Dublin  following a wave of exits over the past decade  including decisions by three heavyweight companies – CRH  Flutter Entertainment and Smurfit WestRock – to delist in Ireland as they chose New York for their main listings.Three IPOs in Dublin over the past six years have been more than offset by the flurry of exits  which also include Applegreen  CPL Resources and Hibernia Reit being taken over.Euronext Dublin is planning the launch of a “springboard” market for small companies this year under efforts to fight back against the tide of market exits.Daryl Byrne  chief executive of Euronext Dublin  said in February that development work on establishing a Euronext Access market in Dublin  similar to ones operated by the wider Euronext Group in Paris  Brussels and Lisbon  was completed at the end of January.The exchange plans to wait until at least two initial companies – most likely from the technology sector – are ready to take the plunge before launching the platform.However  global equity markets have been subject to major volatility in recent times as investors weigh the protectionist policies of US president Donald Trump. Mr Trump was forced last week to pause most of his recently-announced tariffs on the rest of the world  following a sell-off of US stocks and bonds.,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,mixed,0.15,0.24,0.61,True,English,"['Molten Ventures', 'post-Brexit challenges', 'Dublin', 'Irish State-backed venture capital firm', 'US president Donald Trump', 'AI-powered digital diagnostics company', 'high growth technology companies', 'Ireland Strategic Investment Fund', 'The Irish Fund', 'other domestic holdings', 'global equity markets', 'Irish technology companies', 'world-leading Irish companies', 'wider Euronext Group', 'two initial companies', 'Euronext Access market', 'diverging regulatory requirements', 'three heavyweight companies', 'Dublin stock market', 'past six years', 'Irish-focused fund', 'technology sector', 'Mr Trump', 'US stocks', 'springboard” market', 'Three IPOs', 'regulatory obligations', 'small companies', 'Euronext Dublin', 'past decade', 'Alan Betson', '7.4 per cent', 'core activities', 'European Union', 'central costs', 'continued support', 'Nicola McClafferty', 'tech provider', 'fintech CurrencyFair', 'key geography', 'technical talent', 'vibrant ecosystem', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Smurfit WestRock', 'New York', 'main listings', 'CPL Resources', 'Hibernia Reit', 'Daryl Byrne', 'chief executive', 'development work', 'major volatility', 'recent times', 'protectionist policies', 'market exits', 'cybersecurity company', 'Molten Ventures', '15 years', 'number', 'Photograph', 'London', 'wake', 'Brexit', 'backing', 'ISIF', 'management', 'expertise', 'Republic', 'divergence', 'expectations', 'UK', 'statement', 'Tuesday', 'READ', 'delisting', 'compliance', 'shares', 'Manna', 'Deciphex', 'partner', 'Sweepr', 'telecoms', 'Vaultree', 'innovation', 'presence', 'founders', 'shrinking', 'wave', 'decisions', 'CRH', 'flurry', 'Applegreen', 'launch', 'efforts', 'tide', 'February', 'Paris', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'January', 'exchange', 'plunge', 'platform', 'investors', 'tariffs', 'rest', 'sell-off', 'bonds']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,irishtimes.com
50125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061955/0/en/Virbac-In-the-first-quarter-of-2025-revenue-recorded-solid-growth-of-4-9-at-constant-exchange-rates-and-scope.html,Virbac: In the first quarter of 2025  revenue recorded solid growth of +4.9% at constant exchange rates and scope,In the first quarter of 2025  revenue recorded solid growth of +4.9% at constant exchange rates and scope KEY FIGURESRevenue1st quarter...,"In the first quarter of 2025  revenue recorded solid growth of +4.9% at constant exchange rates and scopeKEY FIGURES Revenue1st quarter 2025€375.2M Growth at constant exchange rates and scope1+4.9% of whichcompanion animals +5.6%farm animals +4.2% Growth at constantexchange rates+9.5%Overallchange+8.5%1growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year’s)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial yearQuarterly consolidated revenueIn the first quarter  our revenue amounted to €375.2 million  up +8.5% at actual rates compared to the same period in 2024. After adjusting for the unfavorable impact of currency fluctuations  revenue growth for the period reached +9.5%. The integration of the company Sasaeah (acquisition in Japan closed in April 2024) contributed +4.6 percentage points to growth.Thus  at constant exchange rates and scope  our revenue growth was +4.9%. This increase primarily benefited from a price contribution estimated at 3.8 percentage points of growth  followed to a lesser extent by a volume effect (1.1 point)  which was more modest due in particular to a high base effect in the first quarter of 2024 (+6.4 percentage points of volume growth). All our areas showed solid performances with the exception of the Pacific. Activity in Europe recorded excellent growth of 8.3% at constant exchange rates  mainly due to the strong sales momentum in the companion animal sector (+7.4%). This performance was particularly marked in Italy (+17.4%)  Spain (+14.4%)  and Benelux (+21.6%)  supported by the development of our ranges in dermatology  nutrition (petfood)  parasiticides  and specialties (reproduction). Growth in Türkiye is partly attributable to the acquisition of Mopsan (our main distributor before integration)  the restatement of which was not deemed significant. Furthermore  the farm animal segment experienced very strong growth (+14.4%)  mainly in Western Europe (+52.6%)  with a significant contribution from Germany following the winning of a bovine vaccine tender. Growth in the United States stood at +2.7% at constant exchange rates despite a temporary destocking effect observed this quarter among our distributors (approximately 3 percentage points of growth). This increase is mainly attributable to the performance of the companion animal segment  driven by our endectocide ranges  followed by dental and dermatological products. Latin America recorded strong business growth (+8.3% at constant exchange rates)  mainly due to excellent performances observed in Mexico (+17.1%) and Colombia (+32.5%). This positive momentum is supported by demand for our petfood  parasiticides  vaccines and specialty products. These increases were partially offset by a decline in activity in Brazil (-7.0%) due to a timing shift of orders and in Chile (-4.5%) due to increased competition and price pressure in aquaculture. The Asia area closed the quarter with growth of 3.9% at constant exchange rates and scope  excluding the impact of the Sasaeah acquisition. This performance is mainly explained by the strong momentum observed in China (+9.0%) and Japan (+6.5%). The IMEA (India  Middle East & Africa) area benefited from notable growth (+5.6%)  particularly in India (+5.5% at constant exchange rates) thanks to our range of nutritional products for cattle. The Pacific area  for its part  recorded a decrease in sales (-14.3% at constant exchange rates). Australia (-15.3%) was impacted by market conditions as well as a stock effect observed at one of our main distributors. New Zealand (-9.9%) was impacted by a decrease in sales of our bovine reproduction vaccines  the launch of which in 2024 had benefited from an effect related to the requirement for double doses.In terms of species  The companion animal segment is showing strong growth with an increase of +5.6% at constant exchange rates and scope  driven by the positive momentum of our petfood (+9.3%)  dermatology (+11.7%)  and specialty product (+6.8%) ranges. As for the farm animal segment  it recorded growth of +4.2% at constant exchange rates and scope (+13% at actual scope and constant exchange rates  supported by the acquisition of Sasaeah)  mainly thanks to the ruminant activity (+5.7% at constant exchange rates and scope) and the development of antimicrobials and nutritional products for livestock. These increases offset the slight decrease observed in the aquaculture segment (-5.2% at constant exchange rates).2025 OutlookIn 2025  we currently anticipate revenue growth at constant exchange rates and scope of between 4 and 6%. The impact of the Sasaeah acquisition is expected to represent an additional 1 point of growth in 2025. The ratio of ""current operating profit before amortization of assets resulting from acquisitions"" (adjusted Ebit) to revenue should consolidate at the 2024 level at constant scope  i.e.  around 16%. This forecast takes into account the continued voluntary increase in our R&D investments as a percentage of revenue  which will represent approximately +0.3 points more in 2025 compared to 2024. In terms of operating profit  the impact of the Sasaeah acquisition is expected to be broadly neutral in 2025. As for our cash position  it should improve by €80 million in 2025 excluding any potential acquisitions.We anticipate a moderate impact from the potential increase in customs tariffs in the United States. Indeed  approximately two-thirds of our U.S. revenue in 2025 and nearly 80% by the end of 2026 (due to ongoing industrial projects) are expected to be generated by our local production in the United States. Moreover  our exposure to the purchase of raw materials in China via the United States remains limited  representing approximately €2 million on a full-year basis.Caring for animals togetherAt Virbac  we are constantly exploring new ways to prevent  diagnose and treat the majority of animal pathologies. We develop care  hygiene and nutrition products to offer complete solutions to veterinarians  farmers and pet owners around the world. Our purpose: advancing the health of animals with those who care for them every day  so we can all live better together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A - ISIN code: FR0000031577/MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. + 33 4 92 08 71 32 - finances@virbac.com - corporate.virbac.comAttachment",neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.35,0.16,True,English,"['constant exchange rates', 'first quarter', 'solid growth', 'Virbac', 'revenue', 'scope', '2025', 'bovine vaccine tender', 'identical exchange rates', 'companion animal sector', 'constant exchange rates', 'companion animal segment', 'farm animal segment', 'exchange rate variations', 'previous financial year', 'high base effect', 'temporary destocking effect', 'KEY FIGURES Revenue', 'Quarterly consolidated revenue', 'The Asia area', 'strong business growth', 'The Pacific area', 'bovine reproduction vaccines', 'strong sales momentum', 'actual rates', 'companion animals', 'farm animals', 'The IMEA', 'strong momentum', 'aquaculture segment', 'positive momentum', 'volume effect', 'stock effect', 'strong growth', 'currency fluctuations', '+4.6 percentage points', 'price contribution', '3.8 percentage points', 'lesser extent', '6.4 percentage points', 'solid performances', 'Türkiye', 'main distributor', 'significant contribution', 'United States', '3 percentage points', 'dermatological products', 'Latin America', 'excellent performances', 'specialty products', 'timing shift', 'price pressure', 'Middle East', 'nutritional products', 'market conditions', 'New Zealand', 'double doses', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', 'solid growth', 'organic growth', 'revenue growth', 'volume growth', 'excellent growth', 'notable growth', 'same period', 'Western Europe', 'additional 1 point', 'unfavorable impact', 'endectocide ranges', 'ruminant activity', 'slight decrease', 'actual scope', 'Sasaeah acquisition', '1.1 point', 'distributors', 'scope1', '1growth', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'integration', 'company', 'Japan', 'April', 'increase', 'areas', 'exception', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Benelux', 'development', 'dermatology', 'petfood', 'parasiticides', 'specialties', 'Mopsan', 'restatement', 'Germany', 'winning', 'dental', 'Mexico', 'Colombia', 'demand', 'decline', 'Brazil', 'orders', 'Chile', 'competition', 'China', 'India', 'Africa', 'cattle', 'part', 'Australia', 'launch', 'requirement', 'terms', 'species', 'antimicrobials', 'livestock', '2025 Outlook']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061953/0/en/Sidetrade-reported-a-22-increase-in-Revenue-for-Q1-2025-including-a-26-rise-in-SaaS-subscription.html,Sidetrade reported a 22% increase in Revenue for Q1 2025  including a 26% rise in SaaS subscription.,Robust bookings despite a challenging macroeconomic environment   €2.77 million in Annual Contract Value (ACV) in Q1 2025   Including €1.28 million in...,Robust bookings despite a challenging macroeconomic environment€2.77 million in Annual Contract Value (ACV) in Q1 2025Including €1.28 million in new SaaS bookings (ARR)And €1.49 million in Services bookingsSolid revenue growth of +22%  driven by a +26% increase in SaaS subscriptions  reflecting strong recurring revenue momentumDouble-digit sales growth confirmed for 2025  despite ongoing market uncertaintySidetrade  the global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  today announces €2.77 million in bookings for the first quarter of 2025  along with revenue growth of +22%  including a +26% increase in SaaS subscriptions.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade commented:“While the start of the year has been shaped by an uncertain economic climate—particularly in the United States—we continue to deliver double-digit revenue growth quarter after quarter. In Q1  we commend the strong performance of our European bookings  reflecting solid commercial momentum among existing clients. This was driven by the adoption of new product modules and geographic expansion into new countries. This expansion within our installed base effectively offset the more cautious stance of decision-makers in the US market. Achieving a near-perfect balance (50/50) in our development model over the past three years—between bookings from Europe versus the United States on one hand  and new customer sales versus existing customer upsell on the other—has equipped us with the resilience to navigate more turbulent periods when one of these components temporarily falters. Looking ahead across all four quarters of fiscal year 2025  we are confident in our ability to maintain this equilibrium. Regarding Q1 revenue  our record bookings in 2024  combined with a revenue recurrence rate exceeding 90% and the contribution from SHS Viveon  has enabled us to achieve a strong growth of +22%  continuing the momentum from our standout 2024 performance.”€2.77 million in Annual Contract Value (ACV) in Q1 2025In the first quarter of 2025  Sidetrade delivered a solid performance  recording €2.77 million in Annual Contract Value (ACV) from new signed contracts  compared to €3.98 million in Q1 2024. It is important to note that Q1 2024 represented an exceptionally high comparison base  with triple-digit growth of +117%  nearing the Company’s all-time record of €4.1 million. While Q1 2025 marks a year-over-year decline of 30% against this particularly strong prior-year quarter  the performance remains robust in absolute terms and significantly exceeds the €1.83 million recorded in Q1 2023  representing a +51% increase over that period.During the quarter  strong performance in Europe—driven by existing customers and accounting for nearly 90% of total bookings—more than offset a more mixed performance in the United States. This European momentum was supported by the successful commercialization of new product modules  including CashApps and Augmented Invoice  the latter being dedicated to electronic invoicing. In North America  bookings contributed 15% of Q1 2025 total bookings. The region faced a more cautious investment environment  as key decision-makers adopted a wait-and-see approach regarding new project commitments.In addition  new SaaS bookings (New ARR) totaled €1.28 million  compared to €1.85 million in Q1 2024  while Services bookings totaled €1.49 million versus €2.13 million in Q1 2024.Sidetrade’s development model—balanced between North America and Europe  and between new customer acquisitions and upsells to the existing client base—provides the Company with strong resilience against short-term market imbalances. This quarter  solid expansion sales in Europe among existing customers ultimately enabled the Company to deliver a robust overall performance  despite a more challenging macroeconomic environment in the US.Solid revenue growth of +22%  driven by a +26% increase in SaaS subscriptions  reflecting strong recurring revenue momentumSidetrade(€m) Q1 2025 Q1 2024 Change SaaS Subscriptions 12.1 (1) 9.6 +26% Revenue 14.3 (2) 11.8 +22%All the 2025 information in this financial release is from consolidated  unaudited data.(1) includes €1.35 million in recurring revenue from SHS Viveon(2) includes €1.90 million in total revenue from SHS ViveonSidetrade recorded a very strong start to fiscal year 2025  posting revenue of €14.3 million for the first quarter  representing year-over-year growth of +22%.SaaS subscriptions reached €12.1 million in Q1 2025  reflecting year-over-year growth of 26%  including +12% on a like-for-like basis (excluding the integration of SHS Viveon). This sustained pace underscores the effectiveness of Sidetrade’s SaaS business model and its ability to efficiently convert bookings into recognized revenue.In the first quarter of 2025  Services revenue posted modest growth of +3%  reaching €2.2 million. On a like-for-like basis (excluding the impact of SHS Viveon)  this represents a decline of -20%. This trend reflects a lower volume of new large-scale projects and more limited-service engagements related to SaaS subscriptions among existing clients.Sidetrade continued to expand its footprint with large multinationals. In Q1 2025  subscriptions from companies generating over €2.5 billion in annual revenue grew by 44%. For the first time  contracts from these large enterprises accounted for more than half of Sidetrade’s total subscription revenue  representing 53% of the total—underscoring the Company’s increasingly strong positioning within the large enterprise segment. This momentum is expected to remain a key growth driver in the coming quarters.The integration of SHS Viveon’s operations (effective as of July 1  2024) contributed €1.9 million to Sidetrade’s revenue in the first quarter of 2025  accounting for 13% of the total quarterly revenue.It is important to note that all of Sidetrade’s multi-year contracts are systematically indexed to inflation—using the Syntec index for Southern Europe  the UK Consumer Price Index (CPI) for Northern Europe  and the U.S. CPI for the United States. This mechanism ensures that annual price adjustments are applied automatically to SaaS subscription fees in line with inflation trends  without the need to wait for contract renewal.Next financial announcementAnnual General Meeting: June 18  2025  11:00 AM - 12:30 PM (France  Sidetrade headquarters)First Half Year Revenue for 2025: July 16  2025 (after the stock market closes)Investor relationsChristelle Dhrif 00 33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relationsBecca Parlby 00 44 7824 5055 84 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade (www.sidetrade.com)Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform designed to revolutionize how cash flow is secured and accelerated. Leveraging its next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  Sidetrade analyzes $7.2 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in its Cloud  thereby anticipating customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of 39.9 million buyers worldwide. Aimie recommends the best operational strategies  dematerializes and intelligently automates Order-to-Cash processes to enhance productivity  results and working capital across organizations.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 400+ talented employees based in Europe  the United States and Canada  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Biffa  Bunzl  Engie  Inmarsat  KPMG  Lafarge  Manpower  Page  Randstad  Saint-Gobain  Securitas  Tech Data  UGI  and Veolia.Sidetrade is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact  adhering to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow @Sidetrade on LinkedIn.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.31,0.21,True,English,"['SaaS subscription', 'Sidetrade', '22% increase', 'Revenue', 'Q1', '26% rise', 'strong recurring revenue momentum', 'Q1 2024 Change SaaS Subscriptions', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'Annual Contract Value', 'uncertain economic climate', 'past three years', 'ongoing market uncertainty', 'short-term market imbalances', 'new product modules', 'new project commitments', 'new large-scale projects', 'solid commercial momentum', 'cautious investment environment', 'revenue recurrence rate', 'Double-digit sales growth', 'high comparison base', 'new customer sales', 'new customer acquisitions', 'SaaS business model', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'solid expansion sales', 'Solid revenue growth', 'existing client base', 'robust overall performance', 'strong prior-year quarter', 'new SaaS bookings', 'Q1 2025 total bookings', 'strong growth', 'existing customer', 'solid performance', 'European momentum', 'total revenue', 'new countries', 'strong performance', 'cautious stance', 'recognized revenue', 'Services revenue', 'Robust bookings', 'triple-digit growth', 'modest growth', 'development model', 'existing clients', 'US market', 'New ARR', 'strong resilience', 'strong start', 'year growth', 'global leader', 'AI-powered Order', 'Cash applications', 'Olivier Novasque', 'United States', 'geographic expansion', 'perfect balance', 'one hand', 'turbulent periods', 'four quarters', 'SHS Viveon', 'standout 2024 performance', 'time record', 'absolute terms', 'mixed performance', 'successful commercialization', 'Augmented Invoice', 'electronic invoicing', 'North America', 'financial release', 'unaudited data', 'sustained pace', 'lower volume', 'limited-service engagements', 'Services bookings', 'European bookings', 'record bookings', 'Q1 revenue', 'first quarter', 'fiscal year', 'key decision-makers', 'year decline', 'ACV', '+26% increase', 'Sidetrade', 'CEO', 'adoption', 'components', 'ability', 'equilibrium', 'contribution', 'contracts', 'Company', '+51% increase', 'CashApps', 'region', 'wait', 'approach', 'addition', 'upsells', '2025 information', 'basis', 'integration', 'effectiveness', 'impact', 'trend']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061384/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 12 386 735 shares were repurchased during the week of 7 April 2025 up to and including 11 April 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €15.33 or a total amount of €189 898 751.25. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 111 833 165 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.71 for a total consideration of €1 756 966 626.87. To date approximately 87.85% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.72,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'ING Group shares', 'related market disruption', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'detailed information', '111,833,165 ordinary shares', 'total number', 'tax laws', '12,386,735 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '7 April', '11 April', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061368/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-s-respiratory-pipeline-advances-with-new-data-in-asthma-and-plans-for-new-clinical-studies-in-COPD.html,Press Release: Sanofi’s respiratory pipeline advances with new data in asthma and plans for new clinical studies in COPD,Sanofi’s respiratory pipeline advances with new data in asthma and plans for new clinical studies in COPD    New phase 2 data for amlitelimab show...,Sanofi’s respiratory pipeline advances with new data in asthma and plans for new clinical studies in COPDNew phase 2 data for amlitelimab show efficacy in heterogeneous inflammatory asthmaLunsekimig now targeting chronic rhinosinusitis and COPD in addition to asthmaItepekimab expanding into chronic rhinosinusitis along with COPD and bronchiectasis; phase 3 readouts in COPD in H2 2025 and bronchiectasis in 2026Paris  April 15  2025. Sanofi today shared new progress from its mid- to late-stage respiratory pipeline  including preliminary phase 2 results for amlitelimab in adults with moderate-to-severe asthma.Amlitelimab: clinically meaningful efficacy in asthmaPreliminary results from the TIDE-Asthma phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT05421598) show that the primary endpoint of annualized exacerbation rate at week 48 was not met at the highest dose level  leading to nominal significance at the medium and low doses. However  the study demonstrates amlitelimab's compelling efficacy in heterogeneous inflammatory asthma  potentially representing a breakthrough for this underserved patient population if observed in later studies. Treatment with amlitelimab led to nominally significant and clinically meaningful reductions in asthma exacerbations at the medium dose tested and a numerically greater reduction in exacerbations at the high dose at week 60. The study also demonstrated nominally significant and clinically meaningful improvement in secondary endpoints of lung function and asthma control. Notably  in a patient sub-group defined by biomarkers (eosinophils ≥300 cells/ml and elevated neutrophils)  amlitelimab showed nominally significant and clinically meaningful improvements in exacerbations (with a reduction of more than 70%)  lung function and asthma control at week 60. These results demonstrate that amlitelimab has potential to improve key disease outcomes in asthma patients with continued unmet need. The phase 3 program is currently being planned.Houman AshrafianExecutive Vice President  Head of Research & Development“We are pleased by the significant progress we have made with our pipeline across respiratory indications. In asthma  amlitelimab shows potential as an effective  long-acting medicine  including in patients with moderate-to-severe heterogenous inflammation. If the preliminary effect we have seen is confirmed in phase 3 studies  amlitelimab could become a differentiated treatment option in asthma. These data validate our strategy to advance innovative science and provide new solutions for patients with challenging-to-treat respiratory diseases.”Amlitelimab has a unique non-depleting mechanism of action targeting OX40-Ligand with the potential to durably restore immune balance  with a sustained effect and infrequent dosing. In the TIDE-Asthma study  patients were treated every four weeks for the first 24 weeks and every 12 weeks for the remaining 36 weeks. The durable efficacy shown by amlitelimab through 60 weeks of treatment supports a quarterly maintenance dosing schedule. The safety profile was consistent with previous studies across indications  with no new safety signals identified throughout the 60-week treatment period. The incidence of treatment emergent adverse effects (TEAEs) or treatment discontinuation was similar between the amlitelimab and the placebo groups. The most frequent TEAEs (≥ 5% in any arm) more common (≥ 1%) than placebo were COVID-19  bronchitis  acute sinusitis and headache. All were mild-to-moderate in severity and all non-serious.Full and final results will be presented at a forthcoming medical meeting.Lunsekimig: potential for broader use in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)Lunsekimig is being explored in a broad population of asthma patients  regardless of their inflammation and severity status.The readout of the AIRCULES phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT06102005) in moderate to severe asthma is anticipated in 2026 while the AIRLYMPUS phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT06676319) in high-risk asthma was initiated in Q4 2024.The readout of the phase 2 study in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (clinical study identifier: NCT06454240) is anticipated in 2026.A phase 2/3 study in COPD is anticipated to begin in 2025.Itepekimab: expanding clinical studies beyond COPD into chronic rhinosinusitisIn partnership with Regeneron  two phase 3 studies in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP)  CEREN 1 (clinical study identifier: NCT06834347) and CEREN 2 (clinical study identifier: NCT06834360) and one phase 2 study in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps (CRSsNP) (clinical study identifier: NCT06691113) were initiated in Q1 2025.Itepekimab is currently being explored in patients with COPD in two phase 3 studies AERIFY-1 (clinical study identifier: NCT04701983) and AERIFY-2 (clinical study identifier: NCT04751487) with the readout anticipated in H2 2025  and in one phase 2 study  AERIFY-3 (clinical study identifier: NCT05326412)  with the readout anticipated in H2 2025.Finally  itepekimab is being explored in a phase 2 study (clinical study identifier: NCT06280391) in bronchiectasis  with the readout anticipated in 2026.About amlitelimabAmlitelimab is a fully human non-T cell depleting monoclonal antibody that blocks OX40-Ligand  a key immune regulator  and has the potential to be a first- or best-in-class treatment for a range of immune-mediated diseases and inflammatory disorders  including moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (phase 3)  asthma (phase 2)  hidradenitis suppurativa (phase 2)  systemic sclerosis (phase 2)  celiac disease (phase 2)  and alopecia (phase 2). By targeting OX40-Ligand  amlitelimab aims to preserve the balance between pro-inflammatory and regulatory T cells. Amlitelimab is currently under clinical investigation  and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About TIDE-AsthmaThe phase 2 TIDE-Asthma study is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  dose-ranging study  evaluating amlitelimab as an add-on therapy in 437 adults with moderate-to-severe asthma. Participants were on standard-of-care medicines with medium-to-high doses of inhaled corticosteroids and up to two other controllers. The study included three dose levels of amlitelimab  each with a loading dose administered every four weeks for the first 24 weeks  followed by once every 12 weeks until week 60  with participants randomized 2:1:2:2 to receive one of the three active doses or placebo. The primary endpoint was the annualized rate of severe asthma exacerbations. Key secondary endpoints include lung function (pre-BD FEV1) and asthma control (ACQ-5).About lunsekimigLunsekimig is a novel Nanobody VHH® that combines targeting of IL13  a downstream cytokine causing tissue organ damage in respiratory diseases and TSLP  an upstream initiator of inflammation. Pre-clinical research suggests that the combination of these targets simultaneously can potentially lead to additive and synergistic benefits in immune-mediated diseases such as asthma. Lunsekimig is currently under clinical investigation  and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About itepekimabIn partnership with Regeneron  Sanofi is exploring itepekimab  a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to and inhibits IL33  an initiator and amplifier of broad inflammation in respiratory diseases. Itepekimab is currently under clinical investigation  and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | +33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | +1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | +1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.26,0.25,0.5,True,English,"['new clinical studies', 'new data', 'Press Release', 'respiratory pipeline', 'Sanofi', 'asthma', 'plans', 'COPD', 'Houman Ashrafian Executive Vice President', 'quarterly maintenance dosing schedule', 'treatment emergent adverse effects', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'moderate to severe asthma', 'key disease outcomes', 'annualized exacerbation rate', 'continued unmet need', 'effective, long-acting medicine', 'unique non-depleting mechanism', 'forthcoming medical meeting', 'clinical study identifier', 'AIRCULES phase 2 study', 'AIRLYMPUS phase 2 study', 'phase 2/3 study', 'one phase 2 study', 'highest dose level', 'differentiated treatment option', '60-week treatment period', 'two phase 3 studies', 'severe heterogenous inflammation', 'new safety signals', 'heterogeneous inflammatory asthma', 'TIDE-Asthma phase 2 study', 'new clinical studies', 'late-stage respiratory pipeline', 'New phase 2 data', 'preliminary phase 2 results', 'TIDE-Asthma study', 'infrequent dosing', 'phase 3 readouts', 'phase 3 program', 'new data', 'new progress', 'new solutions', 'safety profile', 'later studies', 'previous studies', 'Preliminary results', 'high dose', 'preliminary effect', 'treatment discontinuation', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'respiratory diseases', 'primary endpoint', 'nominal significance', 'low doses', 'patient population', 'meaningful reductions', 'meaningful improvement', 'secondary endpoints', 'lung function', 'patient sub-group', 'elevated neutrophils', 'innovative science', 'immune balance', 'sustained effect', 'acute sinusitis', 'final results', 'broader use', 'broad population', 'nasal polyps', 'asthma control', 'high-risk asthma', 'medium dose', 'meaningful efficacy', 'compelling efficacy', 'respiratory indications', 'durable efficacy', 'first 24 weeks', 'remaining 36 weeks', 'greater reduction', 'placebo groups', 'frequent TEAEs', 'severity status', 'asthma exacerbations', 'significant progress', 'asthma patients', '60 weeks', 'Sanofi', 'plans', 'COPD', 'amlitelimab', 'Lunsekimig', 'addition', 'Itepekimab', 'bronchiectasis', 'H2', 'Paris', 'April', 'adults', 'breakthrough', 'biomarkers', 'eosinophils', '≥300 cells', 'potential', 'Head', 'Research', 'Development', 'strategy', 'OX40-Ligand', 'incidence', 'arm', 'bronchitis', 'Full', 'Q4', 'partnership', 'Regeneron', 'CRSwNP', 'CEREN', 'CRSsNP', 'Q1', 'AERIFY-1']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/15/3061371/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2025-Revenue.html,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2025 Revenue,Very strong Q1 at +4.9%  Confirming guidanceafter record new business run  April 15  2025  Net revenue up 9.4% in Q1  including organic growth of +4.9%...,"Very strong Q1 at +4.9%Confirming guidanceafter record new business runApril 15  2025Net revenue up 9.4% in Q1  including organic growth of +4.9%All regions performing well despite challenging global context€500 million M&A investment in digital media  influencer marketing and data since the beginning of the year  reinforcing our ""Category of One"" statusRecord new business run: a dozen material wins offsetting deteriorating macroeconomic conditionsReaffirming full year 2025 guidance: Organic growth of +4 to +5% Slight improvement in margin vs. industry-high level of 18% in 2024 €1.9 to €2.0 billion free cash flow generation 1Q1 2025Net revenue €3 535m Reported growth +9.4% Organic growth +4.9%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“Publicis had a very strong Q1  with reported net revenue of +9.4%  including organic growth of +4.9%.We kick-started 2025 with a record new business run  with a dozen material wins across diverse sectors  geographies and expertise. This performance  placing us at the top of the rankings 2 once again  will allow us to offset the potential effects of the deteriorating macroeconomic context. It makes us extremely confident in delivering our 4-5% organic growth guidance for the year  translating to 6-7% at constant currency  including acquisitions.The first months of 2025 were also busy in terms of M&A. We have invested half a billion euros in data  creators  and digital media  reinforcing our position as a Category of One to deliver innovation and differentiation for our clients  and opening new addressable markets for us.Looking ahead  we have never been in a stronger position to help our clients  in the good times  and even more importantly  in the challenging ones. Thanks to the best identity graph in the industry  they can accelerate their growth by building direct relationships with their customers and their prospects. With our unique connected media ecosystem  they can optimize their investments and link them to business outcomes. Our production backbone enables them to minimize waste  and maximize creative asset reuse. And with our 25 000 engineers  they can future-proof their business in the age of AI.These unique competitive advantages  and our diversified revenue mix that continues to withstand business cycles  mean that today we are confident in outperforming not only in 2025 - for the 6th year in a row - but also beyond  in what will be a shrinking competitive landscape.I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our teams for their unwavering efforts  and our clients for their continued and increasing trust.”* **Q1 2025 NET REVENUEPublicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2025 was 3 535 million euros  up +9.4% from 3 230 million euros in 2024. Exchange rates variations had a positive impact of 65 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 78 million euros. Organic growth reached +4.9%.Breakdown of Q1 2025 net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2025 Q1 2024 growth growth North America 2 235 2 008 +11.3% +4.8% Europe 827 793 +4.3% +2.7% Asia Pacific 286 266 +7.5% +4.8% Middle East & Africa 103 90 +14.4% +11.5% Latin America 84 73 +15.1% +28.3% Total 3 535 3 230 +9.4% +4.9%North America net revenue was up +11.3%  with organic growth of +4.8%  excluding the impact of the US dollar to euro exchange rate and the contribution of acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. The U.S. posted a very solid quarter at +4.1% organic growth  with Connected Media continuing to be accretive  confirming the strength of the Groupe’s integrated offer in the market where its model is the most advanced. Intelligent Creativity was up by high-single digits in the quarter  fueled by new business and scope expansions. Technology was down single digits in a context of a continued “wait and see” attitude from clients.Europe net revenue was up +4.3% and +2.7% organically. Organic growth in the U.K. was positive thanks to Connected Media up high-single digits and Intelligent Creativity up single digits  both benefiting from new business wins  and offsetting single-digit decline in Technology. Against an almost double digit Q1 comparable  France was broadly flat excluding Technology through Publicis Sapient  which saw a decline over the same period. In Germany  Connected Media and Intelligent Creativity were positive while Technology was down. Central & Eastern Europe was very strong organically with double-digit growth.Net revenue in Asia Pacific recorded +7.5% growth and +4.8% on an organic basis. China remained strong at +9.3% organic growth  after +6.7% in Q1 2024  benefitting from new business wins in Connected Media.Net revenue in the Middle East and Africa region was up +14.4%  and +11.5% organically  largely driven by double-digit growth in Connected Media and Technology.In Latin America  net revenue was up +28.3% organically driven by all activities. Reported growth was +15.1% after taking into account the depreciation of the Argentinian peso relative to the euro.Breakdown of net revenue for Q1 2025 by sectorClient sectors % Net revenue Healthcare 15% Automotive 13% Financial 13% Food & Beverage 13% TMT 11% Non-food Consumer Products 9% Retail 8% Leisure & Travel 4% Public Sector & Others 3% Energy & Manufacturing 3% Others* 8%* Miscellaneous and other activities (outdoor media  The Drugstore etc.)NET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet financial debt amounted to 728 million euros as of March 31  2025  compared to a net cash position of 775 million euros at year-end 2024  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. The Groupe’s average net debt in the last twelve months amounted to 672 million euros as of March 31  2025  up from 383 million euros as of March 31  2024  due to acquisitions completed since Q3 2024.The Groupe’s liquidity remains very solid at 4.2 billion euros.ACQUISITIONSIn January 2025  Publicis Groupe acquired Atomic 212  the leading independent media agency in Australia  further reinforcing the Groupe’s ability to offer end-to-end marketing transformation solutions in the region.In February 2025  Publicis Groupe announced the acquisition of BR Media Group  Latin America’s leading influencer marketing and content company  with a network of over 500 000 creators including 80% of the region’s leading influencers. Founded in 2012 and operating out of Brazil  BR Media Group partners with more than 500 local and global clients and is present across every step of the creator value chain. BR Media Group’s proprietary technology  fueled by more than 5 billion data points and 50 data sources  combined with Epsilon’s identity graph strengthen the Groupe's Connected Media offer in Latin America.In March 2025  Publicis Groupe announced the acquisition of Lotame  the leading independent identity solution. Lotame’s proprietary identity solution  built on 100+ data sources and activated through more than 1.6 billion IDs  is used by over 4 000 of the world’s leading brands and publishers to leverage their campaigns at scale and with precision. The combined data and identity assets of Lotame and Publicis Groupe’s 2.3 billion global profiles enable clients to reach 91% of adult internet users with personalized messaging at scale.In March 2025  Publicis Groupe announced the acquisition of Moov AI  Canada's leading artificial intelligence and data solutions company  which delivers strategic AI activations for more than 100 clients in Canada.OUTLOOKThanks to several material account wins in the first quarter  the Groupe expects to offset the potential impact of the uncertain macro environment and is well on track to deliver its +4% to +5% organic growth guidance for the full year of 2025.With Q2 2025 organic growth expected within the +4% to +5% full year organic growth guidance  the Groupe’s performance should be well balanced between the first and second half of the year.The Groupe is also confirming its 2025 guidance for its financial ratios with a slight increase in operating margin rate  compared to its industry-high level of 18% in 2024  along with a free cash flow projection of 1.9 to 2 billion euros  before change in working in capital.DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 108 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | X: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Carla Foucaud Investor Relations + 44 20 7830 3710 carla.foucaud@publicisgroupe.comPlease find the press release hereAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1Impact of currencyat end March 2025(million euro) 2024 net revenue 3 230GBP (2) 7 Currency impact (2) 65USD (2) 62 2024 net revenue at 2025 exchange rates (a) 3 295Others (4) 2025 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 457Total 65 Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 782025 net revenue 3 535Organic growth (b/a) +4.9%(1) Acquisitions (Mars United Commerce  Influential  Spinnaker SCA  Atomic 212°  Downtown Paris  Dysrupt  3Dids  Picture Motion and Wibilong)  net of disposals.(2) EUR = USD 1.052 on average in Q1 2025 vs. USD 1.086 on average in Q1 2024EUR = GBP 0.835 on average in Q1 2025 vs. GBP 0.856 on average in Q1 2024DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs  other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense)  depreciation and amortization (excl. intangibles from acquisitions).Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of net revenue.Free cash flow before changes in working capital requirements: Free cash flow before changes in working capital requirements linked to operating activities.Free cash flow: Net cash flow from operating activities  adjusted for interest paid and received  and repayment of lease liabilities.Net debt (or financial net debt): Total of long-term and short-term financial debt and related derivatives  excluding lease liabilities  net of cash and cash equivalents.Average net debt: Last 12-month average of monthly net debt at end of each month.1 Before change in working capital requirement.2 JP Morgan research (2025).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.31,0.13,True,English,"['First Quarter 2025 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', 'free cash flow generation', 'double digit Q1 comparable', 'record new business run', '€500 million M&A investment', 'unique connected media ecosystem', '4-5% organic growth guidance', 'North America net revenue', 'unique competitive advantages', 'new addressable markets', 'new business wins', 'dozen material wins', 'deteriorating macroeconomic conditions', 'best identity graph', 'creative asset reuse', 'shrinking competitive landscape', 'Exchange rates variations', 'euro exchange rate', 'diversified revenue mix', 'The U.S.', 'deteriorating macroeconomic context', 'a billion euros', 'full year 2025 guidance', 'challenging global context', 'Q1 2025 NET REVENUE', 'EUR Net revenue', 'Europe net revenue', 'Q1 2024 growth growth', 'M&A.', 'Confirming guidance', 'business outcomes', 'business cycles', 'Latin America', 'U.K.', '3,535 million euros', '3,230 million euros', '65 million euros', 'strong Q1', 'digital media', '+4.1% organic growth', 'organic basis', '+9.3% organic growth', 'influencer marketing', 'One"" status', 'Slight improvement', 'industry-high level', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'diverse sectors', 'potential effects', 'constant currency', 'first months', 'good times', 'direct relationships', 'production backbone', 'unwavering efforts', 'increasing trust', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'US dollar', 'last 12 months', 'Intelligent Creativity', 'high-single digits', 'scope expansions', 'same period', 'Eastern Europe', 'double-digit growth', 'Argentinian peso', '6th year', 'Publicis Sapient', 'stronger position', 'positive impact', 'solid quarter', 'single-digit decline', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Africa region', '78 million', '7.5% growth', 'April', 'regions', 'data', 'beginning', 'Category', 'margin', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'geographies', 'expertise', 'performance', 'top', 'rankings', 'acquisitions', 'terms', 'creators', 'innovation', 'differentiation', 'clients', 'customers', 'prospects', 'investments', 'waste', '25,000 engineers', 'opportunity', 'teams', 'continued', 'disposals', 'increase', 'Breakdown', 'Total', 'contribution', 'strength', 'offer', 'model', 'Technology', 'attitude', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'China', 'activities', 'account', 'depreciation']",2025-04-15,2025-04-16,globenewswire.com
50130,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1109436559/Awilco-Drilling-PLC-De-Listing-Application-Sent-To-Oslo-B%C3%B8rs,Awilco Drilling PLC: De-Listing Application Sent To Oslo Børs,Reference is made to Awilco Drilling PLC's ('Awilco Drilling' or the 'Company') stock exchange releases dated 28 March and 16 April regarding the pla,MENAFN - GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) Reference is made to Awilco Drilling PLC's ('Awilco Drilling' or the 'Company') stock exchange releases dated 28 March and 16 April regarding the plan for and power of authority given to the Board to apply for de-listing of the Company from Euronext Growth Oslo.Awilco Drilling has today sent an application for de-listing to Oslo Børs. Once the Company is de-listed  the plan is to call for another extraordinary General Meeting to vote on a proposed Company liquidation. A liquidation process is expected to be completed by year-end 2025 and any remaining funds after all costs are covered will be returned to the shareholders.Aberdeen  16 April 2025For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEO of Awilco Drilling PLCPhone: +47 9529 2271Cathrine Haavind  Investor Relations of Awilco Drilling PLCPhone: +47 9342 8464Email: ...This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Oslo Børs', 'De-Listing Application', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange releases', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Oslo Børs', 'extraordinary General Meeting', 'Awilco Drilling PLC', 'liquidation process', 'remaining funds', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'Company liquidation', 'MENAFN', 'GlobeNewsWire', 'Nasdaq', 'Reference', 'April', 'plan', 'power', 'authority', 'Board', 'de', 'listing', 'application', 'year-end', 'costs', 'information', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'Email', 'Section']",2025-04-16,2025-04-16,menafn.com
