UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axios-names-ucb-a-winner-of-the-metro-atlanta-top-workplaces-2026-award-302852347.html,Axios Names UCB a Winner of the Metro Atlanta Top Workplaces 2026 Award,Recognition reflects employee feedback and comes as UCB expands its Georgia footprint through a $2 billion investment in a new biomanufacturing campus expected to create more than 330 jobs. ATLANTA  Aug. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutica…,"Recognition reflects employee feedback and comes as UCB expands its Georgia footprint through a $2 billion investment in a new biomanufacturing campus expected to create more than 330 jobs.ATLANTA  Aug. 16  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company with its U.S. headquarters in metro Atlanta  has been named a winner of the 2026 Metro Atlanta Top Workplaces Award by Axios. As UCB expands its presence in Georgia  the Top Workplaces award reinforces the company's long-term investment in the state  its growing life sciences offering  and its overall culture that attracts  develops  and retains the talent needed to support innovation and a reliable medicine supply for U.S. patients.UCB has maintained its U.S. headquarters in metro Atlanta for more than 30 years and employs more than 400 people in Georgia. Earlier this year  UCB announced a $2 billion investment in a new biomanufacturing campus in Gwinnett County expected to create an additional 330+ permanent  highly-skilled jobs and generate an estimated $5 billion in economic impact.""This recognition is especially meaningful because it reflects the voices and experiences of our people "" said Taco van Tiel  Head of UCB  U.S. ""As UCB continues to invest in Georgia  including through our planned U.S. biologics manufacturing site  our ability to attract and support top talent will be central to delivering on our purpose for patients. We are proud to be part of the metro Atlanta community and to continue building a workplace where employees feel empowered to contribute  grow  and make an impact.""EMPLOYEE FEEDBACK DRIVES TOP WORKPLACE RECOGNITIONAwarded to fewer than 60 organizations with 159-499 employees across metro Atlanta  the recognition is based solely on employee feedback collected through a confidential third-party survey administered by Energage. UCB was previously a recipient of this award in 2021.""Creating an environment where talented people can do their best work is fundamental to our success at UCB. This recognition reflects the culture our employees have helped build  one rooted in collaboration  growth  and a shared commitment to improving the lives of people living with severe diseases "" said Michele Ehler  Head of U.S. Talent  UCB  ""We always strive to create a workplace where employees feel valued and empowered to make a difference  and we remain focused on investing in them as we grow and advance our mission in the years ahead.""UCB remains focused on creating an environment where employees can thrive  develop their careers  and contribute to meaningful work. By continuing to invest in its people and culture  UCB is building the foundation needed to support future growth and deliver its commitment to patients.UCB'S GROWING PRESENCE IN GEORGIAGeorgia plays a central role in UCB's long-term growth strategy in the United States. In addition to serving as the home of the company's U.S. headquarters  the state will become home to UCB's first U.S. biomanufacturing campus.FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:U.S. CommunicationsErica PuntelT 404.938.5359email [email protected]About UCB in the U.S.UCB has maintained a significant U.S. presence for decades  including its U.S. headquarters and eight offices across six communities in California  Georgia  Massachusetts  North Carolina  Washington  and Washington  D.C. With nearly 2 000 U.S. employees focused on research  development  and commercial operations across the country  UCB is adding a U.S. biomanufacturing campus in Georgia  which will create 330+ new  highly skilled jobs. UCB has increased its U.S. workforce by more than 70% since 2017  with over 25% of U.S. employees dedicated to R&D. Over the last decade  UCB has made significant investments in U.S. companies through acquisitions and partnerships and has achieved 15 FDA approvals  advancing innovation  supporting high-quality jobs  and delivering meaningful progress for patients.About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With more than 9 000 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 7.7 billion in 2025. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).Forward looking statementsThis document contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""potential""  ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guaranteeing future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance  or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this document.Important factors that could result in such differences include but are not limited to: global spread and impacts of wars  pandemics and terrorism  the general geopolitical environment  climate change  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues  supply chain disruption and business continuity risks; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of UCB's information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars or disruptive technologies/business models  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in laws and/or rules pertaining to tax and duties or the administration of such laws and/or rules  and hiring  retention and compliance of employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward.Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  the public is cautioned not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document  and do not reflect any potential impacts from the evolving event or risk as mentioned above as well as any other adversity  unless indicated otherwise. The company continues to follow the development diligently to assess the financial significance of these events  as the case may be  to UCB.UCB expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this document  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.SOURCE UCB",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.47,0.51,True,English,"['Metro Atlanta Top Workplaces 2026 Award', 'Axios', 'UCB', 'Winner', 'additional 330+ permanent, highly-skilled jobs', '330+ new, highly skilled jobs', 'U.S. biologics manufacturing site', 'first U.S. biomanufacturing campus', '2026 Metro Atlanta Top Workplaces Award', 'growing life sciences offering', 'significant U.S. presence', 'new biomanufacturing campus', 'U.S. headquarters', 'U.S. Communications', 'U.S. workforce', 'U.S. companies', 'reliable medicine supply', 'Taco van Tiel', 'confidential third-party survey', 'U.S. Talent', 'other financial information', '2,000 U.S. employees', 'metro Atlanta community', 'U.S. patients', 'central nervous system', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'EMPLOYEE FEEDBACK DRIVES', 'long-term growth strategy', 'Forward looking statements', 'TOP WORKPLACE RECOGNITION', 'GROWING PRESENCE', 'top talent', 'high-quality jobs', 'significant investments', 'long-term investment', 'central role', 'FURTHER INFORMATION', 'immune system', '$2 billion investment', 'Gwinnett County', 'best work', 'severe diseases', 'Michele Ehler', 'meaningful work', 'future growth', 'United States', 'Erica Puntel', 'eight offices', 'six communities', 'North Carolina', 'D.C.', 'commercial operations', 'R&D.', 'last decade', '15 FDA approvals', 'meaningful progress', 'innovative medicines', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'operating margins', 'capital expenditures', 'clinical results', '159-499 employees', 'forward-looking statements', 'economic impact', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current plans', 'overall culture', '330 jobs', 'talented people', 'Georgia footprint', '400 people', '9 000 people', 'UCB', 'PRNewswire', 'winner', 'Axios', 'innovation', '30 years', 'voices', 'experiences', 'ability', 'purpose', 'fewer', '60 organizations', 'Energage', 'recipient', 'environment', 'success', 'collaboration', 'commitment', 'lives', 'difference', 'mission', 'careers', 'foundation', 'home', 'email', 'decades', 'California', 'Massachusetts', 'Washington', 'development', 'country', 'acquisitions', 'partnerships', 'Belgium', 'discovery', 'solutions', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'document', 'limitation', 'words', 'potential', 'expects', 'estimates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'cash', 'legal', 'arbitration', 'regulatory', 'practices']",2026-08-16,2026-08-17,prnewswire.com
