UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/02/01/3229924/0/en/Pharming-Group-receives-Complete-Response-Letter-from-U-S-FDA-for-sNDA-for-Joenja-leniolisib-in-children-aged-4-to-11-years-with-APDS.html,Pharming Group receives Complete Response Letter from U.S. FDA for sNDA for Joenja® (leniolisib) in children aged 4 to 11 years with APDS,Pharming Group received an FDA Complete Response Letter for its sNDA for Joenja® (leniolisib) in children aged 4–11 with APDS...,Leiden  the Netherlands  February 1  2026: Pharming Group (Euronext: PHARM; Nasdaq: PHAR) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) to its supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for Joenja® (leniolisib)  an oral  selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) inhibitor  as a treatment for children aged 4 to 11 years with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome (APDS)  a rare primary immunodeficiency.The FDA raised an issue with the potential for underexposure in lower weight pediatric patients. As a result  the FDA has requested additional pediatric pharmacokinetic data to reassess the proposed pediatric doses and confirm that children in the lower weight dose groups can achieve exposure levels comparable to the approved adult and adolescent regimen. The letter also identified an issue with one of the analytical methods used for production batch testing  and the FDA requested additional data and clarification on this point.We believe we can address the clinical pharmacology and batch testing methodology issues outlined in the letter  and we plan to work closely with the FDA to meet the Agency’s requirements and determine next steps for resubmission. We plan to request a Type A meeting with the FDA.Joenja’s U.S. FDA approval for the treatment of APDS in patients aged 12 years of age and older is unaffected by this regulatory action.Fabrice Chouraqui  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  commented:“While we are disappointed in the FDA’s response  we remain dedicated to making Joenja available to pediatric patients aged 4-11 with APDS. Joenja has the potential to address the immune dysregulation and deficiency that drive APDS and significantly impact the long-term course of disease in this population  for whom there is currently no approved targeted treatment. We are going to work closely with the FDA to provide the necessary information and determine the best and most effective path forward.”Pharming submitted the sNDA to the FDA based on positive data from the open-label  multinational  single-arm Phase III study in children aged 4 to 11 years  which showed improvements over 12 weeks in two clinically relevant hallmarks of APDS  reduced lymphadenopathy and increased naïve B cells  together indicating a correction of the underlying immune defect. The submission also included safety data from 8 months of treatment. The improvements in lymphoproliferation and immunophenotype correction were seen across the four dose levels investigated and were consistent with the improvements previously reported in adolescent and adult patients. All treatment emergent adverse events were reported to be mild to moderate in nature. There were no drug related serious adverse events  and all patients completed the 12-week treatment period.In October 2025  the FDA granted the application Priority Review1 based on its guidelines stating the medicine would offer significant improvements in effectiveness or safety of the treatment  prevention  or diagnosis of serious conditions. Currently  there are no approved treatments for children with APDS under the age of 12 years globally. Joenja received approval from the FDA for the treatment of APDS in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older in March 2023.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation2 3 4 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.5 6 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.7 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.5-8 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the U.S.  U.K.  Australia and Israel as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial demonstrated statistically significant improvement in the coprimary endpoints  reflecting a favorable impact on the immune dysregulation and deficiency seen in these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.9 10 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in the European Economic Area  Japan  Canada and several other countries for APDS. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS and in two Phase II clinical trials in primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) with immune dysregulation. The safety and efficacy of leniolisib has not been established for PIDs with immune dysregulation beyond APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. We are developing and commercializing a portfolio of innovative medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  with a significant proportion of its employees based in the U.S.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2024 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesFDA. Priority Review. Available at: https://www.fda.gov/patients/fast-track-breakthrough-therapy-accelerated-approval-priority-reviewithpriority-review Accessed October 2025. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2020 Dec;59(3):323-333. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. Rao VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983. Rao VK  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2024;153:265-74.For further public information  contact:Investor RelationsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comMedia RelationsGlobal: Saskia Mehring  Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 6 28 32 60 41E: media.relations@pharming.comU.S.: Ethan Metelenis (Precision AQ on behalf of Pharming)T: +1 (917) 882-9038Netherlands: Leon Melens (LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication on behalf of Pharming)T: +31 6 53 81 64 27Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.28,0.56,True,English,"['Complete Response Letter', 'U.S. FDA', 'Pharming Group', '4 to 11 years', 'sNDA', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'children', 'APDS', 'open-label, multinational, single-arm Phase III study', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'oral, selective phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'drug related serious adverse events', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'lower weight dose groups', 'two clinically relevant hallmarks', 'supplemental New Drug Application', 'treatment emergent adverse events', 'naïve B cells', 'batch testing methodology issues', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'lower weight pediatric patients', 'additional pediatric pharmacokinetic data', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'application Priority Review1', 'Type A meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'four dose levels', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'important cellular messenger', 'U.S. Food', 'production batch testing', 'two identified genes', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'underlying immune defect', 'permanent lung damage', '12-week treatment period', 'Complete Response Letter', 'Drug Administration', 'additional data', 'serious conditions', 'genetic testing', 'immune cells', 'U.K.', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'pediatric doses', 'exposure levels', 'positive data', 'analytical methods', 'clinical pharmacology', 'next steps', 'regulatory action', 'Fabrice Chouraqui', 'long-term course', 'necessary information', 'effective path', 'safety data', 'cell functions', 'cytokine production', 'cell survival', 'targeted treatment', 'immune dysregulation', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'adolescent regimen', 'immunophenotype correction', 'progressive disease', 'definitive diagnosis', '1 to 2 people', '4 to 11 years', 'Pharming Group', 'The FDA', 'adult patients', 'significant improvements', '12 years', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'February', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CRL', 'sNDA', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'children', 'APDS', 'potential', 'underexposure', 'result', 'clarification', 'point', 'Agency', 'requirements', 'resubmission', 'population', 'best', '12 weeks', 'lymphadenopathy', '8 months', 'lymphoproliferation', 'nature', 'October', 'guidelines', 'medicine', 'effectiveness', 'prevention', 'treatments', 'March', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'development', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'accumulation', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'million', 'Australia', 'Israel', 'first', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis']",2026-02-01,2026-02-02,globenewswire.com
