UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48937,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027506/0/en/Notice-to-the-Vaisala-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)  Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting  Notice is...,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 25  2025  at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EET).A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting for the year 2024Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor and sustainability assurer7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.85 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2024 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 27  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 3  2025. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2025  on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Antti Jääskeläinen  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Nomination Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 75 000 (55 000) and each Board member EUR 50 000 (40 000) per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The company will compensate the transaction costs and costs related to the applicable asset transfer tax arising from the share purchases.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased so that the fee for the Chair of the Audit Committee would be EUR 2 000 per attended meeting  EUR 1 500 for the Chair of People and Sustainability Committee  the Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors  and EUR 1 200 for each member of a committee for each attended meeting. In addition  members of the Board residing outside of Finland will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 per physical meeting attended  however  if two or more meetings are held during a day  the maximum fee is EUR 1 000. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Articles of Association of Vaisala the number of board members would be 6–9.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be seven (7). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsWith the exception of Petri Castrén and Jukka Rinnevaara  all other currently serving members of Board are available for re-election.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Annica Bresky  Antti Jääskeläinen  Lotte Rosenberg  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tuomas Syrjänen  Raimo Voipio and Ville Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website at vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Resolution on remuneration of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the assurer be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.17. Election of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorized Sustainability Auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT)  as the assurer with principal authority.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible mergers and acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive plans  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.19. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the shares  transfer of treasury shares and issuance of special rights entitling to shares as follows:The authorization concerns only series A shares. The Board may issue either new shares or transfer treasury shares held by the company to a maximum of 3 000 000 shares  which represents 9.14% of series A shares in the company and 8.23% of all shares in the company. The authorization can also be used as part of the company’s incentive plans for up to 1 000 000 shares  which represents 2.70% of all the shares in the company.The shares can be issued or transferred for consideration or without consideration. Shares or special rights entitling to shares can be issued in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights by way of a directed issue if there is a weighty financial reason from company’s point of view  such as using the shares as a consideration in potential mergers or acquisitions  to finance investments  or as a part of the Company’s incentive plans.The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve upon all other terms and conditions for the issuance of shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 25  2030. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report  and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2025  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website at vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 13  2025  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 20  2025  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 18  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 13  2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 20  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 20  2025. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 17  2025  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares  of which 3 626 853 are series K shares and 32 809 875 are series A shares. Total votes attached to all shares is 105 346 935. Vaisala holds a total of 152 149 company’s series A shares  which represent 0.46% of series A shares and 0.42% of all shares Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 105 194 786 of which series K shares represent 72 537 060 votes and series A shares represent 32 657 726 votes.Vantaa  February 17  2025Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in measurement instruments and intelligence for climate action. We equip our customers with devices and data to improve resource efficiency  drive energy transition  and care for the safety and well-being of people and societies worldwide. With almost 90 years of innovation and expertise  we employ a team of close to 2 500 experts committed to taking every measure for the planet. Vaisala series A shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'applicable asset transfer tax', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Petri Castrén', 'Kaarina Ståhlberg', 'Tuomas Syrjänen', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'physical meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Jukka Rinnevaara', 'Annica Bresky', 'Lotte Rosenberg', 'Raimo Voipio', 'Ville Voipio', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'meeting fee', 'Assurance Report', 'Sustainability Statement', 'sustainability reporting', 'Sustainability Committee', 'attendance fees', 'maximum fee', 'Tuesday March', 'year 2024 Review', 'transaction costs', 'share purchases', 'other committee', 'dividend distribution', 'same shareholders', 'The Board', 'Board member', '9:30 a', 'members', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'website', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'recommendation', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'addition', 'two', 'meetings', 'number', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'exception', 'candidates', 'conse', '2:00', '1:00', '9.', '10.']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48938,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104421/euroclear-deploys-bbh-infomediary-data-solutions-for-swift-message-transformation-and-network-connec,Euroclear deploys BBH Infomediary data solutions for Swift message transformation and network connec,Brown Brothers Harriman (BBH)  the asset servicing provider for financial institutions and asset managers  announced today that it has partnered with Euroclear  the Brussels based international central securities depository (ICSD)  to provide Swift message tr…,Brown Brothers Harriman (BBH)  the asset servicing provider for financial institutions and asset managers  announced today that it has partnered with Euroclear  the Brussels based international central securities depository (ICSD)  to provide Swift message transformation and network connectivity for its new Bilateral Repo service.0This content is provided by an external author without editing by Finextra. It expresses the views and opinions of the author.To effectively communicate with custodians across inter-dealer markets  Euroclear is deploying BBH Infomediary Data Solutions (IDS)  a set of data management capabilities that help financial institutions overcome their operating model challenges across their network of providers. The platform streamlines data transfers  standardizes information flows across providers  and enables flexible data connectivity. The tool insulates organizations from the distractions of multiple data sources  new data formats  and counterparty changes.“We are delighted to partner with Euroclear on this initiative. A key objective of our strategy for financial institutions is to share our technology to deliver more effective operating models and enable product expansion. We are proud that BBH Infomediary Data Solutions is enabling Euroclear to do just that ” said Sinéad McIntosh  Managing Director for Financial Institutions at BBH.“Euroclear is very pleased to work with BBH on this key market undertaking ” said Olivier Grimonpont  Euroclear’s Global Head of Market Liquidity. “Enabling Repo market participants’ connectivity to multiple custodians is a key attribute of this new service and provides highly sought after depository diversification and resiliency. This launch is a key part of our business strategy focused on developing cutting edge solutions  working with the market to drive efficiencies for clients.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['BBH Infomediary data solutions', 'Swift message transformation', 'network connec', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels based international central securities depository', 'new Bilateral Repo service', 'Repo market participants’ connectivity', 'BBH Infomediary Data Solutions', 'cutting edge solutions', 'data management capabilities', 'flexible data connectivity', 'new data formats', 'Brown Brothers Harriman', 'Swift message transformation', 'operating model challenges', 'effective operating models', 'Sinéad McIntosh', 'multiple data sources', 'asset servicing provider', 'key market undertaking', 'new service', 'depository diversification', 'data transfers', 'asset managers', 'network connectivity', 'Market Liquidity', 'key objective', 'key attribute', 'key part', 'financial institutions', 'inter-dealer markets', 'information flows', 'counterparty changes', 'product expansion', 'Managing Director', 'Olivier Grimonpont', 'Global Head', 'multiple custodians', 'external author', 'business strategy', 'BBH.', 'Euroclear', 'ICSD', 'content', 'editing', 'Finextra', 'views', 'opinions', 'IDS', 'providers', 'platform', 'tool', 'organizations', 'distractions', 'initiative', 'technology', 'resiliency', 'launch', 'efficiencies', 'clients']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,finextra.com
48939,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027477/0/en/CoinShares-Announces-Q4-2024-Results.html,CoinShares Announces Q4 2024 Results,18th February 2024 | SAINT HELIER  Jersey | CoinShares International Limited (“CoinShares'' or “the Group”) (Nasdaq Stockholm: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  a leading global investment company specialising in digital assets  has today published its results for the …,18th February 2024 | SAINT HELIER  Jersey | CoinShares International Limited (“CoinShares'' or “the Group”) (Nasdaq Stockholm: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  a leading global investment company specialising in digital assets  has today published its results for the quarter ending 31st December 2024.Jean-Marie Mognetti  Chief Executive Officer of CoinShares said:“Q4 2024 was arguably the most transformative quarter in digital asset history  marked by groundbreaking policy shifts. It was also one of CoinShares’ strongest quarters since inception  with EBITDA reaching £33.6 million (£109.8 million year-to-date)  a 37% increase from Q4 2023 and 116% year-on-year growth.Over the past three years  we have systematically built a strong foundation  establishing leading platforms in both Europe and the United States. With our infrastructure in place and market position stronger than ever  we are uniquely poised to seize this pivotal moment in digital assets.”Q4 2024 financial highlightsQ4 revenue  gains and other income of £48.3 million (Q4 2023: £31.6 million)(Q4 2023: £31.6 million) Q4 adjusted EBITDA of £33.6 million (Q4 2023: £24.5 million)(Q4 2023: £24.5 million) Total comprehensive income for Q4 2024 of £46.7 million (Q4 2023: £15.8 million)Full Year 2024 financial highlights2024 revenue  gains and other income of £126.8 million (2023: £76.3 million)(2023: £76.3 million) 2024 adjusted EBITDA of £109.8 million (2023: £50.9 million)(2023: £50.9 million) Total comprehensive income for 2024 of £107.5 million (2023: £38.4 million)Q4 2024 operational highlightsCoinShares' Asset Management division achieved its strongest quarter to date  with the Physical platform seeing notable growth in Q4. Our Physical Staked Ethereum ETP led inflows with $75 million  while our Physical XRP ETP attracted $31 million in new investments. The CoinShares Physical platform's total assets increased by 54% to $2.3 billion  with our Physical Bitcoin ETP becoming Europe's largest. Despite outflows in our XBT platform  strong crypto price appreciation drove AuM up by 30% to $3.74 billion. In the U.S.  our CoinShares-Valkyrie business line saw positive net flows of $19 million  led by WGMI with $52 million in inflows  amidst a broader U.S. market that saw $16 billion flow into crypto spot  futures  and equity ETPs. The Asset Management division generated £25.3 million in revenue for the quarter and £87.1 million in revenue for the full year 2024.The Capital Markets and Hedge Fund Solutions division demonstrated robust performance across all business lines in Q4. Our trading team capitalized on market volatility  while liquidity provisioning saw materially higher flows than previous quarters. The lending book remained stable with a focus on credit quality  and staking activities generated consistent yields between 3-3.5%. Together with gains from our Bitcoin treasury position  the division delivered £21.2 million in Q4  bringing the full year 2024 revenue to £57.4 million.The performance for Q4 marks one of the Group’s strongest quarter ever and has contributed to 2024 being the second strongest year in the Group’s history after 2021. Full details of the Q4 results  inclusive of financial information on each of the Group’s business units  are included within the full report  available here .Proposed DividendThe Board of the Company today announces that  subject to finalisation of the Group audit  it has resolved to declare and pay in four equal instalments an annual dividend in relation to the financial year ending 31 December 2024 amounting to £20 000 000  to be paid from the Group’s reserves.The annual dividend payment will be made in four quarterly instalments via the Euroclear Sweden settlement system  subject to an assessment by the Board of the financial health and cash requirements of the Group prior to each payment being made.ENDSDownload the Swedish Executive Summary here.The Annual Report for the Group  inclusive of full audited financials is due to be released on 30th April 2025.ABOUT COINSHARESCoinShares is a leading global investment company specialising in digital assets  that delivers a broad range of financial services across investment management  trading and securities to a wide array of clients that includes corporations  financial institutions and individuals. Focusing on crypto since 2013  the firm is headquartered in Jersey  with offices in France  Sweden  Switzerland  the UK and the US. CoinShares is regulated in Jersey by the Jersey Financial Services Commission  in France by the Autorité des marchés financiers  and in the US by the Securities and Exchange Commission  National Futures Association and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. CoinShares is publicly listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker CS and the OTCQX under the ticker CNSRF.For more information on CoinShares  please visit: https://coinshares.comCompany | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiries@coinshares.comInvestor Relations | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiries@coinshares.comThis information is information that CoinShares International Limited is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014. The information in this press release has been published through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 7:00 am CET on 18th February 2025.PRESS CONTACTCoinSharesBenoît Pellevoizinbpellevoizin@coinshares.comM Group Strategic CommunicationsPeter Padovanopress@coinshares.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Q4 2024 Results', 'CoinShares', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Hedge Fund Solutions division', 'Financial Industry Regulatory Authority', 'Physical Staked Ethereum ETP', 'Euroclear Sweden settlement system', 'The Asset Management division', 'strong crypto price appreciation', 'broader U.S. market', 'leading global investment company', ""CoinShares' Asset Management division"", 'Full Year 2024 financial highlights', 'The CoinShares Physical platform', 'Jersey Financial Services Commission', 'Physical XRP ETP', 'Physical Bitcoin ETP', 'The Capital Markets', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'groundbreaking policy shifts', 'past three years', 'four equal instalments', 'four quarterly instalments', 'Swedish Executive Summary', 'The Annual Report', 'full audited financials', 'positive net flows', 'Bitcoin treasury position', 'CoinShares-Valkyrie business line', 'Total comprehensive income', 'Q4 2024 operational highlights', 'National Futures Association', 'digital asset history', 'second strongest year', 'Q4 2024 financial highlights', 'CoinShares International Limited', 'full year 2024 revenue', 'investment management', 'annual dividend payment', 'Q4 adjusted EBITDA', 'financial year', 'leading platforms', 'market position', 'full report', 'strong foundation', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial health', 'financial institutions', 'year growth', 'total assets', 'XBT platform', 'market volatility', 'Full details', 'other income', 'higher flows', 'crypto spot', 'business lines', 'business units', 'digital assets', 'strongest quarters', 'financial information', '18th February', 'SAINT HELIER', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Jean-Marie Mognetti', 'United States', 'pivotal moment', 'notable growth', 'new investments', '16 billion flow', 'equity ETPs', 'liquidity provisioning', 'previous quarters', 'lending book', 'credit quality', 'consistent yields', 'cash requirements', '30th April', 'broad range', 'wide array', 'Investor Relations', 'transformative quarter', '31st December', 'robust performance', 'trading team', 'Q4 revenue', 'Q4 results', 'Group audit', 'US OTCQX', 'Q4.', 'CS', 'CNSRF', 'inception', 'date', '37% increase', 'Europe', 'infrastructure', 'place', 'gains', 'inflows', 'outflows', 'AuM', 'WGMI', 'focus', 'activities', 'Board', 'finalisation', 'reserves', 'assessment', 'ENDS', 'securities', 'clients', 'corporations', 'individuals', 'firm', 'offices', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'UK', 'ticker', 'enquiries', '3.5', '2021']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48940,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64600999-adventure-box-technology-ab-completes-the-acquisition-of-lion-gaming-group-inc-399.htm,Adventure Box Technology AB Completes the Acquisition of Lion Gaming Group Inc.,"Adventure Box Technology AB (STO: ADVBOX) (""Adventure Box"" or ""the Company"") announced on January 31  2025  the completion of the acquisition of Lion Gaming","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 19  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adventure Box Technology AB (STO: ADVBOX) (""Adventure Box"" or ""the Company"") announced on January 31  2025  the completion of the acquisition of Lion Gaming Group Inc. (""Lion"")  as approved at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 30 December 2024.The acquisition follows the conditional Share Purchase Agreement (""SPA"") signed on 1 October 2024. Under the agreement  Adventure Box acquired all shares in Lion  a leading provider of technology platforms for iGaming. The total purchase price of approximately SEK 467 million has been settled through the issuance of consideration shares (""Consideration Shares"") in the Company at a value of SEK 0.40 per share.Following the transaction  Lion's shareholders now hold approximately 94.88% of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. This acquisition represents a major milestone for Adventure Box  reinforcing the company's commitment to innovation  expanding its global footprint and enhancing its technological capabilities in the iGaming industry.""The completion of the acquisition marks the beginning of an exciting new chapter for Adventure Box. With this merger finalized  we are primed to unlock significant synergies and accelerate our global expansion. Equipped with the resources and backing necessary  we are now strategically positioned to become a leader the iGaming technology space. Together with Lion Gaming  we are poised to not only amplify revenue streams  but we are also better positioned to enter the competitive iGaming landscape by harnessing the full potential of our complementary businesses "" said Duncan McIntyre  CEO of Adventure Box AB.The completion of the transaction required the fulfilment of several conditions  including:Settlement of Lion's convertible bonds  valued at USD 8.8 million  through repayment  conversion  or extension.Agreement by Lion's warrant holders to exchange their existing warrants for new warrants issued by Adventure Box.Full participation of all Lion shareholders in the SPA.Certification by the Company's auditor that the value of assets contributed as payment in kind equals or exceeds the subscription price of the newly issued shares.To facilitate the acquisition  the Company issued a maximum of 1 166 272 194 new shares  increasing its share capital by SEK 116 627 219.40. The subscription price of SEK 0.40 per share represents a premium of approximately 25.39% compared to the Company's closing share price on 1 October 2024  reflecting a negotiated market value for both companies.The new shares have been subscribed for by Lion's shareholders  with payment made through contribution in kind in the form of Lion's shares. The shares will entitle their holders to dividends once registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Additionally  a directed issue of up to 5 573 495 warrants was completed to replace Lion's existing warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in Adventure Box at a subscription price of SEK 0.40. The warrants are valid until 30 December 2034.The transaction has been formally completed  and the necessary filings have been sent to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. With this acquisition  Adventure Box strengthens its position as a key player in the iGaming sector  leveraging Lion's robust technology platform and operational expertise to drive future growth and deliver enhanced value to its shareholders.Following the transaction  Adventure Box updates Lion's projected financials after the October 1  2024  press release. The previous 2024 projections included estimates based on two planned acquisitions that remain incomplete and should not be factored into current stand-alone figures. Lion's estimated 2024 turnover is 51.7 MSEK  with an EBITDA of 2.3 MSEK  excluding future acquisitions.For more information please contact:Duncan McIntyreAdventure Box Technology AB (publ)d.mcintyre@liongaming.iod.mcintyre@adventurebox.com+1 (778) 996-3596About Adventure Box Technology AB (publ)Adventure Box Technology offers KoGaMa  an online game creation platform that provides user-friendly tools for creating and sharing unique gaming experiences. With its innovative multiplayer editor and thriving user marketplace  KoGaMa empowers users to collaborate  create and customise content in a dynamic social metaverse. The company's world-leading streaming technology is patent-protected. Founded in Stockholm in 2014  the company now also has staff in Seville  Copenhagen and Madrid. Adventure Box is traded on Nasdaq First North Growth Market under the ticker ADVBOX and ISIN code SE0012955276. Berg Securities is the Company's Certified Adviser and can be reached via e-mail ca@bergssecurities.se and telephone +46 739 49 62 50.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Adventure Box Technology AB', 'Lion Gaming Group Inc', 'Acquisition', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'online game creation platform', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Lion Gaming Group Inc.', 'Adventure Box Technology AB', 'conditional Share Purchase Agreement', 'robust technology platform', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'world-leading streaming technology', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'current stand-alone figures', 'unique gaming experiences', 'innovative multiplayer editor', 'thriving user marketplace', 'dynamic social metaverse', 'Adventure Box AB', 'two planned acquisitions', 'iGaming technology space', 'total purchase price', 'exciting new chapter', 'competitive iGaming landscape', 'closing share price', 'one new share', 'future growth', 'technology platforms', 'market value', 'total number', 'future acquisitions', 'subscription price', 'share capital', 'iGaming industry', 'iGaming sector', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'leading provider', 'major milestone', 'global footprint', 'technological capabilities', 'significant synergies', 'global expansion', 'revenue streams', 'full potential', 'complementary businesses', 'several conditions', 'convertible bonds', 'new warrants', 'Full participation', 'necessary filings', 'key player', 'operational expertise', 'press release', 'previous 2024 projections', 'user-friendly tools', 'ISIN code', 'Berg Securities', 'Certified Adviser', '1,166,272,194 new shares', 'existing warrants', 'Duncan McIntyre', 'enhanced value', 'consideration shares', 'warrant holders', 'Lion shareholders', '5,573,495 warrants', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'ADVBOX', 'Company', 'January', 'completion', '30 December', '1 October', 'SEK', 'issuance', 'transaction', 'votes', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'beginning', 'merger', 'resources', 'backing', 'leader', 'CEO', 'fulfilment', 'Settlement', 'repayment', 'conversion', 'extension', 'Certification', 'auditor', 'assets', 'kind', 'maximum', 'premium', 'contribution', 'dividends', 'issue', 'position', 'financials', 'estimates', '2024 turnover', 'EBITDA', 'information', 'liongaming', 'adventurebox', 'KoGaMa', 'users', 'content', 'staff', 'Seville', 'Copenhagen', 'Madrid', 'ticker', 'mail', 'bergssecurities', 'telephone', '25.']",2025-02-06,2025-02-19,finanznachrichten.de
48941,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.occrp.org/en/scoop/belgium-blocked-270b-due-to-russian-sanctions-much-of-it-belongs-to-unsanctioned-investors,Belgium Blocked $270B Due To Russian Sanctions. Much of It Belongs to Unsanctioned Investors.,The American bank JPMorgan is among those who have failed in court to convince Belgium to release funds or assets  which are caught up in sanctions imposed because of Russia’s war on Ukraine.,An attempt by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to convince Belgian authorities to release about $2.4 billion blocked by Russian sanctions collapsed in court last year  according to the verdict obtained by reporters.The funds owed to JPMorgan  the largest bank in the U.S.  remain blocked in Belgium. That's because they are transactions with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation  which the European Union sanctioned in 2022.The court case  which has not previously been made public  highlights a glaring problem with the sanctions regime imposed by Western countries on Russia following its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.Much of the 258 billion euros’ worth of blocked transactions and frozen assets (about $270 billion) does not actually belong to Kremlin cronies  or Russian state or corporate entities. Instead  a lot of it belongs to investors who are not sanctioned. Yet the funds remain in limbo.Because it hosts the E.U.’s largest financial services provider  Euroclear — the company that has blocked transactions and frozen assets — Belgium is at the epicenter of efforts to sort out what funds should remain under sanctions  and which should be released.To date  Belgium has not seized a single superyacht or monster mansion in connection with sanctions on the Russian regime and its backers. Meanwhile  many entities and individuals have appealed to Belgian authorities to unfreeze their funds or assets.A flood of requests to release cash and assets  as well as legal challenges  have overwhelmed the country’s Treasury Department and stressed the courts system  Belgium’s De Tijd newspaper has found.“I estimate that 80 percent or even more of the blocked billions belong to — legally speaking — innocent people who should not actually be affected by the sanctions ” said Roeland Moeyersons  a Belgian lawyer who has represented clients challenging the Treasury Department in court.Ambiguity about sanctioned Russian funds also complicates plans to funnel them into rebuilding Ukraine  according to reporting by OCCRP  De Tijd  and Netherlands-based Follow The Money.In response to JPMorgan’s legal challenge  Belgium’s supreme administrative court concluded it no longer had the “need to decide” on the matter  the April 2024 judgement states.The court essentially had nothing to rule on  because Belgium’s Finance Ministry withdrew its decision to refuse JPMorgan’s request to release its 2.3 billion euros.The ministry has made the same decision in other legal cases. But withdrawing a decision to refuse to unblock transactions does not mean the funds are released. It’s just that the refusal order is unnecessary due to E.U. sanctions law  which states that blocked transactions can only be released under certain circumstances.“In very exceptional cases  a release can still take place if such a blocked transaction would jeopardise financial stability in the E.U. ” said Sébastien Guillaume  the Treasury Department’s director of the compliance service. “But that was clearly not the case for a U.S. bank like JPMorgan.”A search of Belgian court records shows JPMorgan has not pursued the matter further  and the bank declined to comment on the case.JPMorgan is not the only bank with funds blocked due to Russian sanctions  according to the Belgian Treasury Department.“European banks also have transactions with the Central Bank of Russia that are still blocked  and those are even higher amounts than JP Morgan ” Guillaume said. “But those European banks don't tell their clients that they have X billion euros in blocked transactions with the Russian central bank.”Guillaume did not provide the names of the European banks  but he noted that they did not bring challenges in court.Reconstruction PlansUkrainian officials have said repeatedly over the past couple years that funds and assets confiscated under Russian sanctions should be used to rebuild their devastated country. European leaders have endorsed the idea.In the run-up to a European security meeting in Munich from February 14 to 16  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky repeated the appeal  reportedly suggesting confiscated cash could be used to build homes for people who lost theirs in the war.Zelensky had planned to bring the idea forward at the Munich security meeting — until U.S. Vice President JD Vance derailed the agenda by accusing European countries of suppressing free speech  and muzzling far-right parties. Vance then met with the leader of the AfD  which has become a powerful party in Germany despite its Nazi origins.In the aftermath of Vance’s speech  European leaders convened an emergency meeting to discuss relations with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump. The expected public discussion of reconstruction in Ukraine — in part by funds confiscated under sanctions — did not happen.But the situation in Belgium shows how hard that plan could be to put into action.Of the total 258 billion euros in funds and assets frozen under sanctions  193 billion euros ($202 billion) consist of transactions that have been blocked by Euroclear because they were connected to Russia’s central bank  according to data provided by Belgium’s Treasury Department.Euroclear declined to comment.The remaining 65 billion euros ($68 billion) are not transactions  but assets the Treasury says have mainly been frozen at Euroclear.Of those assets  55 billion are securities — a term that covers a variety of investment tools  including stocks and bonds. The securities were frozen because they passed through Russia’s sanctioned National Settlement Depository  the Moscow-based body that handles such investments.Separately  about 10 billion of the 65 billion euros are frozen because they are held by sanctioned Russian banks.“The banks whose assets are frozen are themselves sanctioned  but their clients are not ” said Alexandre De Geest  Treasury’s administrator-general.“So  when people talk about the complete confiscation of all frozen assets  do they realize that it often does not concern the property of the sanctioned bank or financial institution  but of their clients?”“Such a seizure would be unprecedented in the history of sanctions ” De Geest said.Legal ChallengesBack in February 2022  when Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine  Belgium’s Treasury had only two civil servants focused on sanctions. Then came a wave of sanctions applied to Russia  and challenges to those actions.De Geest said there are now 15 Treasury officials assigned to Russian sanctions — but it’s still not enough to handle all the requests that come in.“We have a maximum capacity to process 100 files per month  but that is the same as the number of new applications coming in  so the backlog of 800 files remains ” he said.In the meantime  more than 200 procedures have been launched at Belgium’s supreme administrative court  known as the Council of State  petitioning the Treasury to release frozen assets or blocked transactions.Of 72 judgements examined by reporters  the court decided 70 times that it had nothing to rule upon. Often  the reason was — as with the JPMorgan case — that Treasury had already withdrawn its refusal order before the case was heard.Rather than people challenging sanctions imposed on them  most cases were initiated by people who own securities that passed through the National Settlement Depository.One plaintiff  for example  was a Russian woman living in France who was unable to get the Treasury to release her securities  which were frozen by Euroclear. She argued that the securities were her financial safety net  and she feared they could be seized.The court documents show that Treasury refused to release her investments  arguing that the woman had not provided sufficient details about her financial situation.Moeyersons  the lawyer who has represented clients challenging sanctions freezes  said the Treasury Department is ignoring a judgement handed down by the Court of Justice of the European Union.In a September 2024 judgement  the court dismissed in its entirety a suit brought by the National Settlement Depository  which had argued that it should not be sanctioned.However  the judgement stated that national authorities have a responsibility to ensure that “interference with the right to property of the customers concerned is in compliance with” E.U. law. It said clients “have legal remedies available to them before the national courts in order to claim infringement of their right to property.”Moeyersons interprets the judgment as saying the non-sanctioned people “are simply entitled to the release of their frozen resources.”“We are now reaching a point where the Belgian state is exposing itself to claims for damages because of its deliberately unlawful conduct  and then we are talking about potentially gigantic amounts ” Moeyersons said.Belgium’s Treasury Department dismissed the accusation  arguing that it is acting in accordance with the verdict from the E.U. Court of Justice. In a statement to reporters  Treasury said its decisions “have not been contested either by the EU General Court or on appeal by the Brussels Court of Appeal.”Guillaume  Treasury’s compliance director  said the institution last year received 1 214 requests to transfer or release frozen assets. The institution processed 446 requests  and released assets in 186 cases. These were “always for smaller assets of private individuals ” he said.But blocked transactions are another matter  he added  because they can only be released if the financial stability of the E.U. is at stake. Changing that rule would require a consensus among member states.“Those transactions will remain blocked for as long as possible  especially after the E.U. member states decided last year to use the profits on that blocked money from the Russian central bank for the reconstruction of Ukraine ” Guillaume said.“As soon as the door is opened to release certain transactions  there is a great fear that requests for release will flood in en masse ” he said.,negative,0.0,0.42,0.58,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Russian Sanctions', 'Unsanctioned Investors', 'Belgium', 'U.S. Vice President JD Vance', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'largest financial services provider', 'E.U. sanctions law', 'U.S. bank', 'past couple years', 'Sébastien Guillaume', '258 billion euros’ worth', 'X billion euros', 'total 258 billion euros', 'De Tijd newspaper', 'other legal cases', 'European security meeting', 'supreme administrative court', 'Munich security meeting', 'Belgian court records', 'Belgian Treasury Department', 'Russian central bank', '2.3 billion euros', '193 billion euros', 'largest bank', 'financial stability', 'Ukrainian officials', 'emergency meeting', 'exceptional cases', 'Belgian authorities', 'Belgian lawyer', 'legal challenge', 'European Union', 'European banks', 'European leaders', 'European countries', 'Russian Federation', 'glaring problem', 'Western countries', 'full-scale invasion', 'Kremlin cronies', 'corporate entities', 'single superyacht', 'monster mansion', 'Russian regime', 'many entities', 'courts system', 'Roeland Moeyersons', 'The Money', 'April 2024 judgement', 'refusal order', 'compliance service', 'higher amounts', 'JP Morgan', 'powerful party', 'Nazi origins', 'public discussion', 'Russian sanctions', 'sanctions regime', 'innocent people', 'Finance Ministry', 'free speech', 'same decision', 'frozen assets', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Russian funds', 'court case', 'Reconstruction Plans', 'challenges', 'attempt', 'Co.', 'verdict', 'reporters', 'Belgium', 'transactions', 'Ukraine', 'state', 'lot', 'investors', 'limbo', 'Euroclear', 'company', 'epicenter', 'efforts', 'date', 'connection', 'backers', 'individuals', 'flood', 'requests', 'cash', 'country', '80 percent', 'billions', 'clients', 'Ambiguity', 'OCCRP', 'Netherlands', 'Follow', 'response', 'need', 'matter', 'circumstances', 'release', 'place', 'director', 'search', 'names', 'idea', 'run-up', 'February', 'appeal', 'homes', 'war', 'agenda', 'AfD', 'Germany', 'aftermath', 'relations', 'administration', 'situation']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,occrp.org
48942,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64593606-notice-of-marimekko-corporation-s-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,Notice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 February 2025 at 8.40 a.m. EET Notice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will,"Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 February 2025 at 8.40 a.m. EETNotice of Marimekko Corporation's Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Tuesday 15 April 2025 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. For further instructions  please refer to Section C ""Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting"" of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for 2024Review by the President and CEO.The company's financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2024  the parent company's distributable funds amounted to EUR 70 604 754.43 of which EUR 25 011 306.84 was profit for the financial year 2024. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a regular dividend of EUR 0.40 and an extraordinary dividend of 0.25 per share be paid for the financial year 2024. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 26.3 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2025 in the company's shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 28 April 2025 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company's financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company's solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January-31 December 202410. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2024  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 16 April 2024 by the company's Annual General Meeting  will be available on 25 March 2025 at the latest on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company's remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2024 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 55 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members. Board members who reside outside Finland would receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2024.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation's shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January-31 March 2025 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the Annual General Meeting  15 April 2025  holds the company's shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  a monthly fee of EUR 5 000 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement will be paid. The fee is unchanged from 2024. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement  but Mika Ihamuotila will not take part in the evaluation. If Mika Ihamuotila is elected as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  he will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that Massimiliano Brunazzo  Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors.Massimiliano Brunazzo  Carol Chen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. The term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2026. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/board-of-directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor's remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  Authorized Public Accountant  KHT  would act as the principal auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance provider be paid as per invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  be elected as the company's sustainability reporting assurance provider. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  (ASA)  would act as the Authorized Sustainability Auditor having principal responsibility.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that a new Article 8 concerning the appointment of a sustainability assurance provider be added to the Articles of Association  and that the numbering of the subsequent articles be updated accordingly. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 (renumbered as Article 11 following the update to the article numbering) of the Articles of Association concerning the matters to be addressed at the Annual General Meetings be supplemented so that the Annual General Meeting shall elect a sustainability reporting assurance provider in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act and resolve upon their remuneration. In their amended forms  said provisions of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""8 § The Company shall elect one Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm as the Company's sustainability reporting assurance provider. The Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm shall designate an Authorized Sustainability Auditor (ASA) having principal responsibility.""""11 § The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually within six (6) months of the end of the financial year.At the meeting shall be:presented:1. the financial statements of the Company and the Group  and the report on operations 2. the auditors' report resolved upon:3. the adoption of the financial statements 4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet 5. granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company 6. the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors 7. the number of members of the Board of Directors 8. the remuneration of the Auditor 9. the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance provider elected:10. the members of the Board of Directors 11. one Auditor and  when needed  a Deputy Auditor 12. one sustainability assurance provider dealt with:13. any other matters as per the notice of the meeting.""It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company's own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company's non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company's incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2024 Annual General Meeting.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company's own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 (new or the company's own) shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company's incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company's capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company's shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares would be recorded in the company's reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2024 Annual General Meeting.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. The company's financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor's report  the assurance report on sustainability reporting  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the Annual General Meeting of 2024 will be available on the company's website on 25 March 2025 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the company's website as of 29 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  3 April 2025  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 7 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Monday 10 March 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/Electronic registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person's strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder registering by mail or email must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth  business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name  date of birth  phone number and/or email address of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation's privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder's own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  3 April 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10 April 2025 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders' register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication of the proxy representative. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/on 10 March 2025 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the shareholder authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi's services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizationsby using the mandate theme ""Representation at the General Meeting"". In connection with the registration  General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi's e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder's Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 10 March 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 7 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/Electronic advance voting requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person's strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance voting form will be available on the company's website on 10 March 2025 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the Annual General Meeting prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.Further information on advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company's website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. Following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  19 February 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  19 February 2025MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company's product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2024  the company's net sales totaled EUR 183 million and comparable operating profit margin was 17.5 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 38 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 480 people. The company's share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'dividend payout record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'dividend payout date', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'The Board', 'regular dividend', 'extraordinary dividend', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'applicable legislation', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'committee work', 'Board meeting', 'Remuneration Committee', 'assurance report', 'interim report', 'remuneration report', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', '1 January-31 March', 'Tuesday 15 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'parent company', 'company.marimekko', '8.40 a', '25 March', '17 April', '28 April', '16 April', '19 February', 'Notice', 'EEST', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'Shareholders', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors', 'management', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '2.00', '1.00', '2024', '10.']",2025-02-06,2025-02-19,finanznachrichten.de
48943,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/north-america-s-largest-power-futures-exchange-expands-in-tysons/ar-AA1znF2W,North America's Largest Power Futures Exchange Expands In Tysons,North America's largest marketplace for trading future power contracts is located within the Tysons area of Fairfax County  and it announced plans to expand Wednesday. Nodal Exchange  LLC  which is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Boerse Group's EEX Group ,North America's largest marketplace for trading future power contracts is located within the Tysons area of Fairfax County  and it announced plans to expand Wednesday. Nodal Exchange  LLC  which is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Boerse Group's EEX Group ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Largest Power Futures Exchange', 'North America', 'Tysons', 'future power contracts', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'EEX Group', 'North America', 'largest marketplace', 'Tysons area', 'Fairfax County', 'Nodal Exchange', 'trading', 'plans', 'subsidiary']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,msn.com
48944,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wisdomtree-launches-etp-based-coindesk-090000242.html,WisdomTree Launches ETP Based on CoinDesk 20,Investors in Europe can now get direct exposure to the CoinDesk 20  an index representing the largest crypto assets  thanks to a new exchange-traded product (ETP) from WisdomTree launched at Consensus Hong Kong.,"HONG KONG – Investors in Europe can now get direct exposure to the CoinDesk 20  an index representing the largest crypto assets  thanks to a new exchange-traded product (ETP) from WisdomTree launched at Consensus Hong Kong.“The launch of the first CoinDesk 20 ETP with WisdomTree is a defining moment for digital asset investing in Europe "" Alan Campbell  President of CoinDesk Indices  said in a release. ""The CoinDesk 20 provides institutional investors with a streamlined way to access the largest digital assets beyond Bitcoin.""WisdomTree's Physical CoinDesk 20 ETP (WCRP) offers exposure to the digital assets listed on the CoinDesk 20  in a similar way to other ETPs that offer exposure to traditional finance's S&P 500 or the NASDAQ.WCRP is listed on Deutsche Börse Xetra  the Swiss Stock Exchange SIX  and Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam.Additionally  WCRP generates a staking yield  allowing investors to benefit from rewards earned by helping secure the underlying blockchain networks.The CoinDesk 20 Index  launched in January 2024  has quickly become a key benchmark for digital asset investors  with over $14 billion in trading volume in its first year.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['WisdomTree', 'ETP', 'CoinDesk', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Swiss Stock Exchange SIX', 'new exchange-traded product', 'underlying blockchain networks', 'digital asset investing', 'largest crypto assets', 'largest digital assets', 'Consensus Hong Kong', 'digital asset investors', 'Physical CoinDesk 20 ETP', 'first CoinDesk 20 ETP', 'The CoinDesk 20 Index', 'first year', 'CoinDesk Indices', 'defining moment', 'Alan Campbell', 'other ETPs', 'traditional finance', 'S&P', 'Euronext exchanges', 'staking yield', 'key benchmark', 'trading volume', 'institutional investors', 'similar way', 'direct exposure', 'Europe', 'WisdomTree', 'launch', 'President', 'release', 'streamlined', 'Bitcoin', 'WCRP', 'NASDAQ', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'rewards', 'January']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,finance.yahoo.com
48945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027504/0/en/Morrisons-Partners-with-Quadient-for-Convenient-Parcel-Delivery-at-its-Morrisons-Daily-Stores.html,Morrisons Partners with Quadient for Convenient Parcel Delivery at its Morrisons Daily Stores,Paris  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  today announced a new...,ParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  today announced a new partnership with Morrisons. The partnership will see Parcel Pending by Quadient parcel lockers installed at 230 Morrisons Daily stores by spring 2025.All of Morrisons circ. 1 000 wholly owned Morrisons Daily convenience stores have a parcel solution offer and this new partnership will enable consumers to pick up and return parcels securely from Royal Mail  Evri  DPD and UPS.Michael Weightman  Convenience Trading Director at Morrisons  said  “Customers have told us that they want a broader range of services when it comes to parcel pickups and returns so we’re delighted to be expanding the options available at our Morrisons Daily stores via this partnership with Quadient.”Quadient’s consumer research shows that people appreciate the positive impact businesses make by hosting lockers  for instance reducing traffic on local roads by decreasing the volume of delivery van journeys. The research also uncovered a tangible benefit for retailers; when visiting lockers hosted at stores  more than half of consumers make additional purchases.“Our lockers seamlessly integrate into people’s daily routines  making parcel pickup and drop-off more convenient than ever. This partnership with Morrisons Daily will enhance accessibility for communities across the UK ” said Katia Bourgeais Crémel  Director  Lockers Automation for Europe at Quadient. “Our vision is to build an open  carrier-agnostic locker network that provides consumers with greater flexibility and retailers with new opportunities to engage customers—driving footfall  enhancing the shopping experience and boosting in-store sales.”Quadient’s secure parcel lockers automatically notify customers when parcels are ready for collection  providing a pickup code and barcode customers use to open the secure locker compartments. Customers returning items may use the lockers’ built-in label printer  meaning they may send items back even if they don’t have a printer at home.Quadient continues to expand its locker network across key markets in the U.S.  Japan and Europe. With more than 25 000 units now installed worldwide  the company continues to progress toward its long-term goal of deploying 40 000 units globally by 2030. Learn more at parcelpending.com/en-gb .About MorrisonsMorrisons has a rich history that dates back to 1899 when William Morrison first opened an egg and butter stall in Bradford. 125 years on  customers continue to enjoy our great quality British food and our Market Street heritage is clear to see in our c. 500 stores where skilled colleagues such as our butchers  fishmongers  and bakers proudly make and serve customers fresh food every day.As well as our supermarkets  we also have 1 600 Morrisons Daily convenience stores—around 600 of which are franchise stores—and an online delivery service where our customers can order their groceries from the comfort of their own home and have them delivered by us or one of our partners including Amazon  Deliveroo and Just Eat.We also have our own manufacturing business - Myton Food Group - spread across 18 sites where we pack and process fresh meats and fish  savoury and sweet pies  fruit and veg  flower bouquets  bread and more. As a result  we’re proud to be British farming’s single biggest direct customer.Our wholesale business serves customers across the UK and further afield through our extensive network of national and regional distribution depots.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.Quadient UK press contact:Dominic Walsh  Spark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420 or quadient@sparkcomms.co.ukAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Convenient Parcel Delivery', 'Morrisons Daily Stores', 'Morrisons Partners', 'Quadient', 'Katia Bourgeais Crémel', 'great quality British food', 'open, carrier-agnostic locker network', 'Morrisons Daily convenience stores', 'Quadient UK press contact', 'delivery van journeys', 'Market Street heritage', 'online delivery service', 'Myton Food Group', 'biggest direct customer', 'regional distribution depots', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'global automation platform', 'Convenience Trading Director', 'sustainable business connections', 'parcel solution offer', '230 Morrisons Daily stores', 'secure locker compartments', 'secure parcel lockers', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'daily routines', 'fresh food', 'British farming', 'c. 500 stores', 'franchise stores', 'extensive network', 'Morrisons Morrisons', 'Parcel Pending', 'parcel pickups', 'manufacturing business', 'wholesale business', 'Lockers Automation', 'Royal Mail', 'Michael Weightman', 'broader range', 'positive impact', 'local roads', 'tangible benefit', 'additional purchases', 'greater flexibility', 'new opportunities', 'driving footfall', 'shopping experience', 'store sales', 'pickup code', 'key markets', 'U.S.', 'long-term goal', 'rich history', 'William Morrison', 'butter stall', 'skilled colleagues', 'Just Eat', 'fresh meats', 'sweet pies', 'flower bouquets', 'physical channels', 'growth journey', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Dominic Walsh', 'Spark Communications', 'Euronext Paris', 'consumer research', 'label printer', 'digital transformation', 'Quadient shares', 'new partnership', 'barcode customers', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'spring', 'consumers', 'parcels', 'Evri', 'DPD', 'services', 'returns', 'options', 'people', 'businesses', 'instance', 'traffic', 'volume', 'retailers', 'half', 'drop-off', 'accessibility', 'communities', 'Europe', 'vision', 'collection', 'items', 'home', 'Japan', '25,000 units', 'company', '40,000 units', 'parcelpending', 'egg', 'Bradford', 'butchers', 'fishmongers', 'bakers', 'supermarkets', 'groceries', 'comfort', 'Amazon', 'Deliveroo', '18 sites', 'savoury', 'fruit', 'veg', 'bread', 'result', 'single', 'national', 'sizes', 'Small', 'information', 'sparkcomms', 'Attachments']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027484/0/en/Valneva-Reports-Preliminary-Unaudited-2024-Revenue-and-Cash-and-Provides-2025-Outlook.html,Valneva Reports Preliminary Unaudited 2024 Revenue and Cash and Provides 2025 Outlook,Saint-Herblain (France)  February 18  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its preliminary unaudited full-year 2024 revenue and cash results1 and provided a 2025 outlook. The Company will publish it…,Met 2024 growth targets for sales revenue (+13% vs 2023) and total revenues (+10% vs 2023)Strong year-end cash position of €168.3 millionSubstantial clinical and regulatory progress in 2024  leading to multiple anticipated data readouts  product approvals and label extensions in 20252025 outlook reflects solid revenue growth and positive commercial cash flows to support strategic R&D investments with lower operating cash burnSaint-Herblain (France)  February 18  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) a specialty vaccine company  today reported its preliminary unaudited full-year 2024 revenue and cash results1 and provided a 2025 outlook. The Company will publish its 2024 audited consolidated financial statements and host an analyst call on March 20  2025.2024 PerformanceTotal revenues were €169.6 million for the year ended December 31  2024 compared to€153.7 million in the year ended December 31  2023  an increase of 10%€153.7 million in the year ended December 31  2023  an increase of 10% Product sales revenue reached €163.3 million for the year ended December 31  2024 compared to €144.6 million in the same period of 2023  an increase of 13%Cash and cash equivalents were €168.3 million as at December 31  2024  compared to€126.1 million at December 31  2023. Year-end cash of €168.3 million  significantly augmented by the sale of the Priority Review Voucher2 and successful Private Placement32025 Financial OutlookSales revenues expected to grow to €170-180 million  driving positive cash-flows for the overall commercial businessTotal revenues expected to reach €180-190 millionTotal R&D investments expected between €90 - €100 million  which will be partially offset by grant funding and anticipated R&D tax creditsContinued stringent focus on cash management supporting sufficient cash runway to reach key inflection points; substantially lower operating cash burn expected in 2025  less than 30 million compared to over €60.0 million in 2024Peter Bühler  Valneva’s Chief Financial Officer  commented  “Once again  we successfully delivered double digit sales growth  despite lower than anticipated launch-year IXCHIQ® sales in the U.S. We made significant clinical and regulatory progress last year  setting the stage for several important catalysts to drive value in 2025  most notably with the first Phase 3 study results for our lead Lyme disease vaccine candidate  VLA15. In 2025  we will continue to focus on commercial execution while investing strategically in advancing our science-driven pipeline to generate substantial future value. With over €168 million of cash at the end of 2024  we are entering 2025 in a good financial position to support these objectives.”Regulatory  R&D and Strategic HighlightsContinued to progress Lyme disease program according to plan  including completion of primary vaccination in ongoing Phase 3 study  reporting of further positive Phase 2 booster results  and publication of Phase 2 data in the LancetSecured three additional regulatory approvals for world’s first chikungunya vaccine  IXCHIQ ® (Canada  Europe  UK); filed adolescent label extension submissions; awarded new $41.3 million grant from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness (CEPI) 4(Canada  Europe  UK); filed adolescent label extension submissions; awarded new $41.3 million grant from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness (CEPI) Augmented clinical pipeline with a leading tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate 5 and initiated Phase 2b trial; Granted Fast Track Designation by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA)and initiated Phase 2b trial; Granted Fast Track Designation by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Advanced novel Zika vaccine candidate into Phase 1 clinical developmentFinalized new $32.8 million IXIARO® supply contract with the U.S. Department of Defense in January 20256Key Upcoming Catalysts:Lyme disease Phase 3 first data readout by the end of 2025Further chikungunya vaccine approvals  including the first endemic country (Brazil) and adolescent label extensions for IXCHIQ ® in major travel marketsin major travel markets Initiation of Phase 3 pediatric trial of IXCHIQ ® to support further potential label expansionto support further potential label expansion Phase 2b efficacy data from Human Challenge Study (CHIM) of tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate in mid-2025 and launch of pediatric studyPhase 1 results for Zika vaccine candidate in the first half of 2025About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to business partnerships and the progress  timing  results and completion of technology transfer and regulatory approvals in additional markets. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 The financial figures presented in this release are preliminary and unaudited. The final audited financial results  which remain subject to approval by the Board of Directors  are expected to be published on March 20.2 Valneva Announces Sale of Priority Review Voucher for $103 Million - Valneva3 Valneva Announces the Success of its Private Placement Raising approximately €60 Million - Valneva4 CEPI Expands Partnership with Valneva with a $41.3 Million Grant to Support Broader Access to the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine - Valneva5 Valneva and LimmaTech Enter into a Strategic Partnership to Accelerate the Development of the World’s Most Clinically Advanced Tetravalent Shigella Vaccine Candidate - Valneva6 Valneva Announces New IXIARO® Supply Contract with the U.S. Government Worth a Minimum of $32.8 Million - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.5,0.31,0.19,True,English,"['Preliminary Unaudited 2024 Revenue', 'Valneva Reports', 'Cash', '2025 Outlook', 'new $32.8 million IXIARO® supply contract', 'leading tetravalent Shigella vaccine candidate', 'Advanced novel Zika vaccine candidate', 'lead Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'preliminary unaudited full-year 2024 revenue', '2024 audited consolidated financial statements', 'adolescent label extension submissions', 'R&D tax credits', 'lower operating cash burn', 'multiple anticipated data readouts', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'strategic R&D investments', 'double digit sales growth', 'Further chikungunya vaccine approvals', 'positive Phase 2 booster results', 'three additional regulatory approvals', 'Total R&D investments', 'Phase 2b efficacy data', 'positive commercial cash flows', 'Strong year-end cash position', 'first Phase 3 study results', 'new $41.3 million grant', 'early R&D', 'Lyme disease program', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'class vaccine solutions', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'good financial position', 'strong track record', 'major travel markets', 'specialty vaccine company', 'adolescent label extensions', 'Phase 2b trial', 'potential label expansion', 'solid revenue growth', 'Priority Review Voucher2', 'successful Private Placement3', 'overall commercial business', 'key inflection points', 'Peter Bühler', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'several important catalysts', 'Fast Track Designation', 'United States Food', 'Key Upcoming Catalysts', 'Human Challenge Study', 'unmet medical needs', 'ongoing Phase 3 study', 'sufficient cash runway', 'first endemic country', 'Phase 3 pediatric trial', 'Product sales revenue', 'Phase 1 clinical development', 'U.S. Department', 'substantial future value', 'launch-year IXCHIQ® sales', 'Phase 1 results', 'Phase 2 data', 'multiple vaccines', 'first data', 'pediatric study', 'positive cash-flows', 'product approvals', '2024 growth targets', 'commercial execution', 'Strategic Highlights', 'Sales revenues', 'Substantial clinical', 'regulatory progress', 'The Company', 'grant funding', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'cash results1', 'cash equivalents', 'cash management', 'first half', 'total revenues', '2025 Financial Outlook', 'significant clinical', 'clinical pipeline', 'Euronext Paris', 'analyst call', 'same period', 'stringent focus', 'science-driven pipeline', 'primary vaccination', 'Epidemic Preparedness', 'Drug Administration', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'Valneva SE', 'IXCHIQ ®', '2025 outlook', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'March', '2024 Performance', 'increase', 'December', 'stage', 'objectives', 'plan', 'completion', 'publication', 'Lancet', 'world', 'Canada', 'Europe', 'UK', 'Coalition', 'CEPI', 'FDA', 'Defense', 'January', 'Brazil', 'Initiation', 'CHIM', 'mid-20', 'specialized', '2023']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3028090/0/en/Notice-of-Capital-Markets-Day-Save-the-Date.html,Notice of Capital Markets Day - Save the Date,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  18 February  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  will host a Capital Markets Day (CMD) for investors and analysts on Monday 7 April 2025 at 2pm CET / 1pm GMT / 8am …,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  18 February  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  will host a Capital Markets Day (CMD) for investors and analysts on Monday 7 April 2025 at 2pm CET / 1pm GMT / 8am ET.The event will include presentations  panel discussions and Q&A sessions led by IBA’s management team with speakers from across the Group. Attendees will have the opportunity to gain valuable insights into IBA’s strategy  including selected growth initiatives and performance drivers  as well as a deep dive into its business lines and markets.For further information  please contact ICR Healthcare IBA@icrhealthcare.com.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comCONTACTSOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comICR HealthcareAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@icrhealthcare.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'Notice', 'Date', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Q&A sessions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'Capital Markets Day', 'ICR Healthcare IBA', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'world leader', 'Monday 7 April', '2pm CET', 'panel discussions', 'management team', 'valuable insights', 'growth initiatives', 'performance drivers', 'deep dive', 'business lines', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Olivier Lechien', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'More information', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '18 February', 'EURONEXT', 'CMD', 'investors', 'analysts', '1pm', '8am', 'event', 'presentations', 'speakers', 'Group', 'Attendees', 'opportunity', 'strategy', 'icrhealthcare', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,000 people', 'verified', 'social', 'BB', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment', '44']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027491/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 18 February 2025  08.00 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program......,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 18 February 2025  08.00 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 38 500 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 10 to 14 February 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 10/2/2025 8 000 56.03 55.65 56.65 448 269 11/2/2025 8 000 55.80 55.25 56.15 446 406 12/2/2025 8 000 55.98 55.35 56.95 447 810 13/2/2025 7 500 56.33 55.65 56.90 422 453 14/2/2025 7 000 57.18 56.35 57.75 400 236 TOTAL 38 500 56.24 55.25 57.75 2 165 174As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 131 700 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', 'Total shares', '131,700 treasury shares', '38,500 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '18 February', '08.00 hrs', 'CET', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '10 to', '14 February', 'result', 'launch']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027510/0/en/IDEX-Biometrics-ASA-Update-on-Arbitration-Award.html,IDEX Biometrics ASA - Update on Arbitration Award,"Reference is made to the announcement by IDEX Biometrics ASA (""IDEX"") on 28 January 2025 regarding the arbitration decision on 27 January 2025 on the dispute between IDEX and Zwipe AS (“Zwipe”)  whereby the arbitrator held in favor of IDEX on all counts. The …","Reference is made to the announcement by IDEX Biometrics ASA (""IDEX"") on 28 January 2025 regarding the arbitration decision on 27 January 2025 on the dispute between IDEX and Zwipe AS (“Zwipe”)  whereby the arbitrator held in favor of IDEX on all counts. The due date for payments by Zwipe was 14 days from the date of the arbitration decision.Following such due date  because of Zwipe’s financial situation  as communicated by Zwipe on Euronext Oslo Børs  IDEX has engaged in discussions with Zwipe about a payment plan for the arbitration award. However  such discussions effectively ended when Zwipe on 17 February 2025 announced that it will file for bankruptcy with the Oslo District Court.While Zwipe has paid the arbitration costs  Zwipe has made no payment to IDEX in compliance with the arbitration award.This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to MAR article 17 and section 5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This stock exchange release was published by Marianne Bøe  Head of Investor Relations  on 18 February 2025 at 08:50 CET.For further information contact:Marianne Bøe  Head of Investor Relations  +47 91800186Kristian Flaten  CFO  +47 95092322E-mail:ir@idexbiometrics.comAbout IDEX BiometricsIDEX Biometrics ASA (OSE: IDEX) is a global technology leader in fingerprint biometrics  offering authentication solutions across payments  access control  and digital identity. Our solutions bring convenience  security  peace of mind and seamless user experiences to the world. Built on patented and proprietary sensor technologies  integrated circuit designs  and software  our biometric solutions target card-based applications for payments and digital authentication. As an industry-enabler we partner with leading card manufacturers and technology companies to bring our solutions to market.For more information  visit www.idexbiometrics.comTrademark StatementIDEX  IDEX Biometrics and the IDEX logo are trademarks owned by IDEX Biometrics ASA. All other brands or product names are the property of their respective holders.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['IDEX Biometrics ASA', 'Arbitration Award', 'Update', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Oslo District Court', 'Marianne Bøe', 'stock exchange release', 'seamless user experiences', 'proprietary sensor technologies', 'integrated circuit designs', 'leading card manufacturers', 'global technology leader', 'IDEX Biometrics ASA', 'fingerprint biometrics', 'technology companies', 'arbitration decision', 'financial situation', 'arbitration award', 'arbitration costs', 'disclosure requirements', 'Investor Relations', 'Kristian Flaten', 'access control', 'digital identity', 'card-based applications', 'digital authentication', 'Trademark Statement', 'other brands', 'product names', 'respective holders', 'IDEX logo', 'due date', 'payment plan', 'MAR article', 'authentication solutions', 'biometric solutions', 'Zwipe AS', 'Reference', 'announcement', '28 January', '27 January', 'dispute', 'arbitrator', 'favor', 'counts', 'payments', 'discussions', '17 February', 'bankruptcy', 'compliance', 'information', 'section', 'Head', '18 February', 'CFO', 'mail', 'idexbiometrics', 'OSE', 'convenience', 'security', 'peace', 'mind', 'world', 'patented', 'software', 'target', 'industry-enabler', 'trademarks', 'property', '08:50']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027473/0/en/Icelandic-Salmon-Ending-a-challenging-year-with-a-stable-biological-situation.html,Icelandic Salmon – Ending a challenging year with a stable biological situation,Bíldudalur  18 February 2025  Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax and its subsidiaries  which are involved in salmon farming and...,"Bíldudalur  18 February 2025Icelandic Salmon is the parent company of Arnarlax and its subsidiaries  which are involved in salmon farming and processing in Iceland. The companies are collectively referred to as ""Icelandic Salmon"" or the ""Group"".With determined efforts in the fourth quarter of 2024  Icelandic Salmon stabilized the biological conditions in the sea after having experienced significant challenges in the winter-spring 2023‑24  resulting in higher harvest volumes and weights  and good sea lice control.To further strengthen the Group’s financial position  the group has agreed on an extension to its sustainability-linked financing agreement with DNB and Danske Bank. This agreement provides additional funding of EUR 65 million  increasing the total loan facility to EUR 160 million.In the fourth quarter of 2024  operating income was EUR 49.9 million  compared to EUR 51.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. The decline in revenues year-over-year was mainly driven by lower harvest volumes.Operational EBIT for the quarter was EUR 1.4 million  compared with EUR 2.0 million in the prior-year period. The decline was driven by lower volumes and cost levels on harvested fish being affected by the biological challenges from last winter. The EBIT/kg for the quarter ended at EUR 0.22. Adjusted for the one-off cost  EBIT/kg was EUR 0.31.OperationsIn the fourth quarter of 2024  Icelandic Salmon harvested 6 455 tonnes  compared to 7 219 tonnes in the same quarter last year. Harvest volumes have increased from the low levels of the previous quarters in 2024.“Our team’s dedicated efforts have enabled us to end a challenging year on a positive note. We stabilized the biological situation  strengthened sea lice control  and achieved good growth in our biological assets. With increased harvest volume and harvest weight  solid price achievement  and strong performance on smolt released into sea  we are on the right path "" said Björn Hembre  CEO of Icelandic Salmon.Strategic eventsThe Group continues to work closely with the authorities to reinstate a license for 10 000 tonnes MAB of sterile salmon in Ísafjarðardjúp  which was revoked in Q3. This happened because the Icelandic Food and Veterinary Authority (MAST) did not provide a necessary comprehensive  weighted assessment of the potential risk of the spread of fish diseases and parasites before the license was issued.Efforts to establish larger sites for improved MAB utilization continue  with extension of several sites in Arnarfjörður under review. The process has been delayed  and a final decision is not expected before the end of 2025. Additionally  a 4 500-tonne application in Arnarfjörður remains under review.Market update and outlookIcelandic Salmon continues to experience strong demand for its salmon. It achieved high prices for its products across key markets  where the North American and Asian market were particularly strong.The company reported an average harvest weight of 5.2 kg GWT for the quarter  well above the Norwegian market average which according to official statistics was 3.9 kg GWT. This solid performance further underscores Icelandic Salmon’s strong market position.As previously guided  the biological challenges faced in 2024 are expected to impact the the first half of the year and 2025 harvest volumes  with the majority of volume expected in the second half of the year. For full year 2025  Icelandic Salmon maintains its volume guidance of 15 000 tonnes.Presentation detailsAttached is the presentation for the fourth quarter 2024.The Group's CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the Group's results at 9:00 Icelandic time (10:00 CET).The presentation will be held in English via webcast  please copy and paste the following link into your browser: www.arnarlax.webcast.is (http://www.arnarlax.webcast.is).There will be a Q&A session after the presentations so you can send in questions during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.is (mailto:questions@arnarlax.is). A recording of the presentation will be made available on the Group's website. After the presentation there is an opportunity to book a one-on-one meeting either at our office in Kópavogur (Urðarhvarf 14) or on Teams between 10:15 - 15:00 Icelandic time. If interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.is (mailto:hjortur@arnarlax.is)For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.is (mailto:bjorn@arnarlax.is)CFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 855 7760Email: jonas@arnarlax.is (mailto:jonas@arnarlax.is)About Icelandic SalmonIcelandic Salmon is dual-listed on the stock exchange market  both at the Euronext Growth in Oslo and NASDAQ First North in Reykjavík. The Group is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with head office in Bildudalur. The Group is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the Group.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment",positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['stable biological situation', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'challenging year', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'necessary comprehensive, weighted assessment', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'good sea lice control', 'Björn Hembre', 'total loan facility', 'Ísafjarðardjúp', 'Q&A session', 'Arnarfjörður', 'solid price achievement', 'Norwegian market average', 'stock exchange market', 'sustainability-linked financing agreement', 'NASDAQ First North', 'average harvest weight', 'higher harvest volumes', 'leading farming company', 'lower harvest volumes', 'strong market position', 'good growth', 'lower volumes', '2025 harvest volumes', 'Urðarhvarf', 'financial position', 'North American', 'solid performance', 'first half', 'salmon farming', 'strong performance', 'Market update', 'strong demand', 'Asian market', 'Bíldudalur', 'parent company', 'biological conditions', 'significant challenges', 'Danske Bank', 'additional funding', 'operating income', 'Operational EBIT', 'prior-year period', 'cost levels', 'biological challenges', 'last winter', 'off cost', 'low levels', 'previous quarters', 'positive note', 'biological situation', 'biological assets', 'right path', 'Strategic events', 'Icelandic Food', 'Veterinary Authority', 'potential risk', 'larger sites', 'MAB utilization', 'several sites', 'final decision', '4,500-tonne application', 'high prices', 'key markets', '5.2 kg GWT', 'official statistics', '3.9 kg GWT', 'second half', '9:00 Icelandic time', 'following link', 'Kópavogur', '15:00 Icelandic time', 'Euronext Growth', 'Reykjavík', 'value chain', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'sterile salmon', 'determined efforts', 'fourth quarter', 'same quarter', 'dedicated efforts', 'volume guidance', 'The EBIT/kg', 'challenging year', 'full year', 'one meeting', 'head office', 'The Group', 'fish diseases', '10,000 tonnes MAB', 'Presentation details', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'arnarlax.is', '6,455 tonnes', '7,219 tonnes', '15,000 tonnes', '18 February', 'subsidiaries', 'processing', 'companies', 'winter-spring', 'weights', 'extension', 'DNB', 'decline', 'revenues', 'Operations', 'team', 'smolt', 'authorities', 'license', 'Q3.', 'MAST', 'spread', 'parasites', 'review', 'end', 'outlook', 'products', 'majority', 'results', 'English', 'webcast', 'browser', 'presentations', 'questions', 'mailto', 'recording', 'website', 'opportunity', 'email', 'hjortur', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'jonas', 'Oslo', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'customers', 'parts', '10:15', '354']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027482/0/en/Press-Release-Dupixent-sBLA-accepted-for-FDA-priority-review-for-the-targeted-treatment-of-bullous-pemphigoid.html,Press Release: Dupixent sBLA accepted for FDA priority review for the targeted treatment of bullous pemphigoid,Dupixent sBLA accepted for FDA priority review for the targeted treatment of bullous pemphigoid   If approved  Dupixent would be the first and only......,Dupixent sBLA accepted for FDA priority review for the targeted treatment of bullous pemphigoidIf approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine to treat BP in the US; FDA decision expected by June 20  2025Priority review granted based on positive pivotal results demonstrating significant improvements in sustained disease remission with Dupixent compared to placeboBP is a chronic  debilitating and relapsing skin disease with underlying type 2 inflammation characterized by intense itch and blisters  reddening of the skin and painful lesionsParis and Tarrytown  NY  February 18  2025. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for priority review the supplemental biologics license application (sBLA) for Dupixent (dupilumab) to treat adults with bullous pemphigoid (BP).The sBLA is supported by data from a pivotal study evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 106 adults with moderate-to-severe BP. The primary endpoint was met  with five times more Dupixent patients achieving sustained disease remission compared to those on placebo. Sustained disease remission was defined as complete clinical remission with completion of oral corticosteroids (OCS) taper by week 16 (off OCS treatment and only treated with Dupixent for at least 20 weeks) without relapse and no rescue therapy use during the 36-week treatment period. The study also showed that Dupixent significantly reduced disease severity  itch  and use of OCS compared to placebo.Adverse events more commonly observed with Dupixent (in at least 3 patients) compared to placebo included peripheral edema  arthralgia  back pain  blurred vision  hypertension  asthma  conjunctivitis  constipation  upper respiratory tract infection  limb injury  and insomnia.BP is a chronic  debilitating  and relapsing skin disease with underlying type-2 inflammation that typically occurs in an elderly population. It is characterized by intense itch and blisters  reddening of the skin  and painful lesions. The blisters and rash can form over much of the body and cause the skin to bleed and crust  resulting in patients being more prone to infection and affecting their daily functioning. Approximately 27 000 adults in the US live with BP that is uncontrolled by systemic corticosteroids.Priority review is granted to regulatory applications seeking approval for therapies that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis  or prevention of serious conditions. Dupixent was previously granted orphan drug designation by the FDA for BP  which applies to investigational medicines intended for the treatment of rare diseases that affect fewer than 200 000 people in the US.The safety and efficacy of Dupixent in BP are currently under clinical assessment and have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About DupixentDupixent (dupilumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL4) and interleukin-13 (IL13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type-2 inflammation in phase 3 studies  establishing that IL4 and IL13 are two of the key and central drivers of the type-2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in more than 60 countries in one or more indications including certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps  eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in different age populations. More than one million patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab development programDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical studies involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type-2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type-2 inflammation or other allergic processes in phase 3 studies  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  bullous pemphigoid  and lichen simplex chronicus. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous approved treatments and product candidates in development  most of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  neurological diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases  and rare diseases.Regeneron pushes the boundaries of scientific discovery and accelerates drug development using our proprietary technologies  such as VelociSuite®  which produces optimized fully human antibodies and new classes of bispecific antibodies. We are shaping the next frontier of medicine with data-powered insights from the Regeneron Genetics Center® and pioneering genetic medicine platforms  enabling us to identify innovative targets and complementary approaches to potentially treat or cure diseases.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn  Instagram  Facebook or X.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | +1 914-330-9618| ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsMark Hudson | +1 914-847-3482 | mark.hudson@regeneron.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group except for VelociSuite and Regeneron Genetics Center.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of adults with bullous pemphigoid as discussed in this press release as well as chronic pruritus of unknown origin  lichen simplex chronicus  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (including biosimilar versions of Regeneron’s Products); the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable)  to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations (including the pending civil proceedings initiated or joined by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts)  risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2024. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.07,0.1,0.83,True,English,"['FDA priority review', 'Press Release', 'Dupixent sBLA', 'targeted treatment', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'supplemental biologics license application', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'global collaboration agreement', 'lichen simplex chronicus', 'leading biotechnology company', 'numerous approved treatments', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'sustained disease remission', 'positive pivotal results', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'complete clinical remission', 'other allergic processes', '36-week treatment period', 'significant clinical benefit', 'various chronic diseases', 'relapsing skin disease', 'underlying type-2 inflammation', 'Dupilumab development program', 'The US Food', 'one million patients', 'FDA priority review', 'disease severity', 'chronic, debilitating', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'clinical assessment', '60 clinical studies', 'clinical investigation', 'significant improvements', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'painful lesions', 'Drug Administration', 'pivotal study', 'primary endpoint', 'five times', 'oral corticosteroids', 'rescue therapy', 'Adverse events', 'peripheral edema', 'back pain', 'blurred vision', 'limb injury', 'elderly population', 'daily functioning', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'regulatory applications', 'drug designation', 'rare diseases', 'regulatory authority', 'phase 3 studies', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'morbid diseases', 'regulatory approvals', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyps', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'broad range', 'unknown origin', 'serious diseases', 'unique ability', 'product candidates', 'eye diseases', 'inflammatory diseases', 'targeted treatment', 'FDA decision', 'intense itch', 'OCS) taper', 'investigational medicines', 'life-transforming medicines', 'targeted medicine', 'serious conditions', 'IL13) pathways', 'potential uses', 'OCS treatment', 'severe BP', 'Regeneron Regeneron', 'Dupixent patients', 'Dupixent sBLA', '3 patients', '10,000 patients', 'first', 'June', 'placebo', 'blisters', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'February', 'adults', 'data', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'moderate', 'completion', '20 weeks', 'relapse', 'arthralgia', 'hypertension', 'asthma', 'conjunctivitis', 'constipation', 'insomnia', 'rash', 'therapies', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'fewer', '200,000 people', 'signaling', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL4', 'key', '60 countries', 'indications', 'More', 'Sanofi', 'part', 'addition', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'physician-scientists', 'science', 'laboratories', 'pipeline']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3027476/0/en/Dupixent-dupilumab-sBLA-Accepted-for-FDA-Priority-Review-for-the-Targeted-Treatment-of-Bullous-Pemphigoid-BP.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) sBLA Accepted for FDA Priority Review for the Targeted Treatment of Bullous Pemphigoid (BP),If approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine to treat BP in the U.S.; FDA decision expected by June 20  2025  Priority Review......,If approved  Dupixent would be the first and only targeted medicine to treat BP in the U.S.; FDA decision expected by June 20  2025Priority Review granted based on positive pivotal results demonstrating significant improvements in sustained disease remission with Dupixent compared to placeboBP is a chronic  debilitating and relapsing skin disease with underlying type 2 inflammation characterized by intense itch and blisters  reddening of the skin and painful lesionsTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Feb. 18  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) to treat adults with bullous pemphigoid (BP).The sBLA is supported by data from a pivotal trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 106 adults with moderate-to-severe BP. The primary endpoint was met  with five times more Dupixent patients achieving sustained disease remission compared to those on placebo. Sustained disease remission was defined as complete clinical remission with completion of oral corticosteroids (OCS) taper by week 16 (off OCS treatment and only treated with Dupixent for at least 20 weeks) without relapse and no rescue therapy use during the 36-week treatment period. The trial also showed that Dupixent significantly reduced disease severity  itch and use of OCS compared to placebo.Adverse events more commonly observed with Dupixent (in at least 3 patients) compared to placebo included peripheral edema  arthralgia  back pain  blurred vision  hypertension  asthma  conjunctivitis  constipation  upper respiratory tract infection  limb injury and insomnia.BP is a chronic  debilitating and relapsing skin disease with underlying type 2 inflammation that typically occurs in an elderly population. It is characterized by intense itch and blisters  reddening of the skin and painful lesions. The blisters and rash can form over much of the body and cause the skin to bleed and crust  resulting in patients being more prone to infection and affecting their daily functioning. Approximately 27 000 adults in the U.S. live with BP that is uncontrolled by systemic corticosteroids.Priority Review is granted to regulatory applications seeking approval for therapies that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. Dupixent was previously granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA for BP  which applies to investigational medicines intended for the treatment of rare diseases that affect fewer than 200 000 people in the U.S.The safety and efficacy of Dupixent in BP are currently under clinical investigation and have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron’s proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are two of the key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in more than 60 countries in one or more indications including certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU)  and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in different age populations. More than 1 000 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.1About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes Dupixent® (dupilumab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb)  Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn) and Veopoz® (pozelimab-bbfg). In addition  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab) had been authorized by the FDA during the COVID-19 pandemic until 2024.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  bullous pemphigoid  and lichen simplex chronicus. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP) in adults and children 12 years of age and older whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps under 12 years of age.to treat adults and children 1 year of age and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  who weigh at least 33 pounds (15 kg). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 1 year of age  or who weigh less than 33 pounds (15 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of adults with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and a high number of blood eosinophils (a type of white blood cell that may contribute to your COPD). DUPIXENT is used to reduce the number of flare-ups (the worsening of your COPD symptoms for several days) and can improve your breathing. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease under 18 years of age.DUPIXENT is not used to relieve sudden breathing problems and will not replace an inhaled rescue medicine.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/ .are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps  eosinophilic esophagitis  prurigo nodularis  or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your other medicines  including corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine  without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by those medicines to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly p s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: injection site reactions  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  viral infection  back pain  inflammation inside the nose (rhinitis)  diarrhea  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  toothache  headache  and urinary tract infection.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch   or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous approved treatments and product candidates in development  most of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  neurological diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases  and rare diseases.Regeneron pushes the boundaries of scientific discovery and accelerates drug development using our proprietary technologies  such as VelociSuite  which produces optimized fully human antibodies and new classes of bispecific antibodies. We are shaping the next frontier of medicine with data-powered insights from the Regeneron Genetics Center® and pioneering genetic medicine platforms  enabling us to identify innovative targets and complementary approaches to potentially treat or cure diseases.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn  Instagram  Facebook or X.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of adults with bullous pemphigoid as discussed in this press release as well as chronic pruritus of unknown origin  lichen simplex chronicus  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (including biosimilar versions of Regeneron’s Products); the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable)  to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations (including the pending civil proceedings initiated or joined by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts)  risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2024. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group except for VelociSuite and Regeneron Genetics Center.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsIlana YellenTel: +1 914-330-9618Ilana.Yellen@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSandrine GuendoulTel: +33 6 25 09 14 25Sandrine.Guendoul@sanofi.comEvan BerlandTel: +1 215-432-0234Evan.Berland@sanofi.comNicolas ObristTel: + 33 6 77 21 27 55nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le BourhisTel: + 33 6 75 06 43 81leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor RouaultTel: +33 6 70 93 71 40Victor.Rouault@sanofi.comTimothy GilbertTel: +1 516-521-2929Timothy.Gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsMark HudsonTel: +1 914-847-3482Mark.Hudson@regeneron.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk LarsenTel: +44 7545 513 693Thomas.Larsen@sanofi.comAlizé KaisserianTel: +33 6 47 04 12 11Alize.Kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix LauscherTel: +1 908-612-7239Felix.Lauscher@sanofi.comKeita BrowneTel: +1 781-249-1766Keita.Browne@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 7 85 93 30 17Nathalie.Pham@sanofi.comTarik ElgoutniTel: +1 617-710-3587Tarik.Elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud ChâteletTel: +33 6 80 80 89 90Thibaud.Chatelet@sanofi.com1 Data on File,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.06,0.16,0.78,True,English,"['FDA Priority Review', 'Targeted Treatment', 'Bullous Pemphigoid', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'sBLA', 'BP', 'original, FDA-approved fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'global collaboration agreement', 'sustained disease remission', 'positive pivotal results', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'complete clinical remission', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'significant clinical benefit', '36-week treatment period', 'human antibodies', 'relapsing skin disease', 'U.S. Food', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'disease severity', 'clinical investigation', 'Drug Administration', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'significant improvements', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'chronic, debilitating', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'targeted medicine', 'Priority Review', 'painful lesions', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'pivotal trial', 'primary endpoint', 'five times', 'oral corticosteroids', 'rescue therapy', 'Adverse events', 'peripheral edema', 'back pain', 'blurred vision', 'limb injury', 'elderly population', 'daily functioning', 'systemic corticosteroids', 'regulatory applications', 'serious conditions', 'investigational medicines', 'rare diseases', 'regulatory authority', 'Phase 3 trials', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'morbid diseases', 'regulatory approvals', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyps', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'spontaneous urticaria', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'humanized mouse', 'substantial proportion', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'intense itch', 'OCS) taper', 'OCS treatment', 'FDA decision', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'severe BP', 'Dupixent patients', 'Dupixent®', '3 patients', '1,000,000 patients', 'first', 'June', 'placebo', 'blisters', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'Feb.', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'sBLA', 'adults', 'data', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'moderate', 'completion', '20 weeks', 'relapse', 'arthralgia', 'hypertension', 'asthma', 'conjunctivitis', 'constipation', 'insomnia', 'rash', 'therapies', 'potential', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'fewer', '200,000 people', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'key', '60 countries', 'one', 'indications', 'CRSwNP', 'EoE', 'CSU', 'COPD', 'More', 'engineered', 'Founder', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'Libtayo', 'cemiplimab-rwlc', 'Praluent®', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'evinacumab-dgnb', 'Inmazeb', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab', 'odesivimab-ebgn', 'Veopoz®', 'pozelimab', 'bbfg', 'addition', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'date']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/18/3028142/0/en/Vicat-FY-2024-Results.html,Vicat - FY 2024 Results,Organic sales growth of + 2.3%  despite a difficult environment in EuropeEBITDA of €783 million  with a margin of 20.2%EBITDA up 25.8% in the United...,"Organic sales growth of + 2.3%   despite a difficult environment in Europe  despite a difficult environment in Europe EBITDA of €783 million   with a margin of 20.2%  with a margin of 20.2% EBITDA up 25.8% in the United States to €190 million26.7% growth in free cash flow to €373 millionFurther debt reduction with leverage at 1 6x(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 3 884 3 937 -1.3% +2.3% EBITDA 783 740 +5.9% +10.1% Margin rate (%) 20.2% 18.8% +1.4 pts Current EBIT 457 433 +5.7% +11.3% Margin rate (%) 11.8% 11.0% +0.8 pts Consolidated net income 290 295 -1.8% +6.1% Margin rate (%) 7.5% 7.5% +0.0 pts Net income  Group share 273 258 +5.5% +11.9% Margin rate (%) 7.0% 6.6% +0.4 pts Free cash flow 373 295 +26.7% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesGuy Sidos  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  said:""In a deteriorated environment in Europe  the Group has delivered historic results that testify to the robustness of the Vicat model and the commitment of our teams. Strong growth in the United States  the resilience of Europe in a particularly deteriorated environment and progress in the Mediterranean region have all contributed to returning the EBITDA margin rate to the level of 2021. In line with what we had announced  the Group has formulated 3 new priorities towards 2027:Maintain EBITDA margin above 20% over the period;Continue to reduce the Group's debt in line with our new leverage target of below 1.0x by 2027;Accelerate the implementation of the climate roadmap and the promotion of low-carbon solutions.I am confident that 2025 will be another successful year for Vicat  thanks to continued momentum in the United States  stabilization in Europe at the end of the year  the integration of VPI/Cermix and first contribution from our investment in Senegal.The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 2024 were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on 14 February 2025. The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed. The certification report was issued on February 18th  2025.Activity: FY 2024 impacted by unfavorable exchange rate effectsThe Group's consolidated sales totaled €3 884 million in 2024  up 2.3% on a like-for-like basis and down -1.3% on a reported basis  impacted by negative exchange rate changes:The currency effect over the period was a negative 127 million euros (-3.2%)  mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira and Egyptian pound and the Brazilian real against the euro;The scope effect amounted to -€15 million (or -0.4%) over the period.In 2024  the Group's business was boosted by the good performance in the United States and the recovery in Egypt but was affected by the continuing slowdown in the residential sector in Europe  particularly in France  and by a tougher competitive environment in India.Each business made a positive contribution to improving the Group's operating performance on a like-for-like basis in 2024:The Cement business was impacted by a -2.9% decline in volumes over the year  essentially in France and India. Cement prices remained solid in most of the Group's regions  particularly in developed countries;The Concrete and Aggregates businesses were affected by a -5.8% fall in volumes in 2024  although prices remained buoyant throughout the Group;Other Products & Services grew in 2024  thanks to a good performance in Turkey and by Vigier Rail in Switzerland.Results: Strong growth in EBITDA  to a record levelEBITDA was €783 million  an all-time record for the Group. This increase of + 5.9% compared with 2023 (+10.1% on a like for like basis) is the result of growth in Ragland's business in the United States and in Egypt (exports)  a favorable price/cost differential in almost all markets  and improvements in the Group's industrial performance. In a context where almost 40% of the Group's markets (France and Switzerland) are at historic lows  this performance demonstrates the solidity of the Vicat model.Energy costs amount to €488 million in 2024  down -21.5% compared to 2023  but still markedly higher than in 2021 (€394 million);Underlying inflation continues to drive up personnel costs and maintenance costs rise  by 6.0% to 849 million euros. This increase is mainly due to the indexation of the wage bill  particularly in Turkey and the United States  while the Group's total workforce remained stable over the period;Industrial performance improved in the Cement business  notably with an increase in the use of alternative fuels to replace fossil fuels  which rose by +4.0 points compared with the end of 2023 to 36.0%.The EBITDA margin was 20.2%  an increase of +140 basis points year-on-year  enabling the Group to reach the Group’s objective of returning to the pre-inflationary crisis margin levels of 2022-23. Reported EBITDA growth takes into account an organic increase of 75 million euros  an unfavorable exchange rate effect of -26 million euros and a perimeter effect of -4 million euros.Recurring EBIT was up 5.7%  with a margin up 80 basis points.Net financial expense will be €73 million in 2024  stable compared with 2023  due to:An increase in the net cost of debt  as the rise in interest rates  net of hedging  was partially offset by a fall in average debt volume;An improvement in other financial income and expenses (mainly dividends received from a stake in Egypt).The tax charge is €38 million higher than in 2023. The apparent tax rate is 24.7%  significantly higher than at 31 December 2023 (16.8%). Deferred tax increased due to the impact of non-recurring items in 2023 (adoption of hyperinflation rules by the local tax authorities in Turkey and deferred tax income following the merger of subsidiaries in Brazil). Excluding these non-recurring items  the apparent tax rates in 2024 and 2023 would have been comparable.Consolidated net income came to €290 million in 2024  up 6.1% on a like-for-like basis and down -1.8% on a reported basis. The net margin was 7.5%. Net income is impacted by an accounting charge relating to the treatment of hyperinflation in Turkey of 28 million euros in 2024 compared with 6 million euros in 2023 (excluding the tax effect). Excluding this additional accounting charge of €22 million  which has no cash impact  net income reflects the improvement in operating profitability.Net income Groupe share rose by 11.9% on a like-for-like basis and by 5.5% on a reported basis to €273 million over the period. This increase was due to the fall in minority interests  which was impacted by lower earnings in countries where the Group has minority interests (Brazil and Turkey)  by the sale of Sinai White Cement (loss of minority interests) and by the buyout of minority interests in 2024 in Egypt and Kazakhstan.Analysis by geographical areaA more detailed analysis of performance by geography is provided in the appendix to this press release.Consolidated sales 2024:(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* France 1 158 1 211 -4.4% -4.4% Europe (excluding France) 411 407 +0.9% +2.9% Americas 1 004 979 +2.5% +4.6% Asia 439 492 -10.7% -9.3% Mediterranean 498 464 +7.2% +29.8% Africa 375 384 -2.3% -1.6% TOTAL 3 884 3 937 -1.3% +2.3% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesEBITDA 2024:(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* France 195 212 -7.8% -7.8% Europe (excluding France) 110 101 +8.5% +10.9% Americas 249 216 +15.3% +17.5% Asia 84 88 -4.6% -3.2% Mediterranean 78 68 +14.8% +46.7% Africa 67 54 +23.1% +24.6% TOTAL 783 740 +5.9% +10.1% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesActivity fell in France in 2024  impacted by weak residential demand  which reached a twenty-five-year low. However  the decline slowed sequentially  quarter after quarter. Prices rose in 2024 on the back of the increase in the first quarter of the year. The Lyon-Turin project gradually contributed to activity over the course of the year. Against this difficult backdrop  France posted resilient results.In Europe (excluding France)  sales rose in 2024  notably thanks to the appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro and the good performance of the precast business (Vigier Rail) in Switzerland and the cement business in Italy. In Switzerland  the cement business continued to be impacted by the weakness of the residential market  with the rate of decline slowing sequentially in 2024 to stabilize in the fourth quarter  while prices remained stable over the year. Results improved significantly in the region  particularly in Italy  thanks to lower electricity costs.Sales in the Americas zone rose in 2024  driven by a good performance in the United States  despite a downturn in business and an unfavorable exchange rate effect in Brazil. The ramp-up of a network of rail terminals around the Ragland plant in the South-East made a very positive contribution to business growth. Prices remained solid in the United States  with increases in cement in California and in concrete in both regions. EBITDA in the United States totaled €190 million (+25.8%). In Brazil  the cement business was marked by a weaker contraction in volumes in the second half of the year than in the first  while the competitive environment remained tense. EBITDA rose in Brazil thanks to a favorable price/cost differential.Business in the Asia zone was mixed  with a slowdown in India and stability in Kazakhstan. After a solid first half  business slowed in India  with volumes down significantly in the second half due to the intensification of the competitive environment in the southern states. The post-election environment also weighed on construction activity  with a temporary slowdown in public spending  particularly in the state of Andhra Pradesh. In Kazakhstan  prices rose in the second half  following a downward trend in the first half  with volumes remaining stable over the year. Results were down in Asia due to higher costs in Kazakhstan  despite an increase in profitability in India thanks to a sharp fall in cash costs.Business in the Mediterranean zone grew thanks to a spectacular recovery in Egypt. However  the zone continues to be affected by the sharp depreciation of the Turkish and Egyptian currencies against the euro. Against a backdrop of persistent hyperinflation  the cement business in Turkey was impacted by a slight fall in volumes in 2024 linked to the slowdown in the economy  while prices rose  only partially offsetting the effects of inflation. In Egypt  business benefited from strong growth in export volumes  which offset weak domestic demand. Domestic sales prices rose sharply in the second half of the year. The zone's results recovered strongly despite the decline in profitability in Turkey.In Africa  the Group's business remained stable  particularly in Mali  with prices down slightly in Senegal and higher volumes in Mauritania. Results rose thanks to lower energy costs in Senegal and operational improvements at the plant. The Group's priority remains the start-up of kiln 6 in Senegal  whose ramp-up phase should begin in the second quarter of 2025  with the first contribution to EBITDA expected in the second half of 2025.Investment and cash generation: Strong growth in free cash flowIn 2024  total net capital expenditure will amount to €320 million  up from €300 million in 2023. These disbursements include strategic growth investments  mainly related to kiln 6 in Senegal.Free cash flow reached a new record of €373 million (compared with €295 million in 2023). This is the result of higher EBITDA and a significant reduction in working capital requirements over the period. As a result  the cash conversion rate is 48% (40% in 2023).Financial position: Achieving the 2024 target and continuing to reduce debt(In millions of euros) Dec. 31 2024 Dec. 31 2023 Dec. 31 2022 Gross financial debt 1 773 1 915 2 070 Cash (536) (493) (504) Net debt (excluding options) 1 237 1 422 1 567 EBITDA 783 740 570 Leverage ratio 1.58x 1.92x 2.75xAt the end of 2024  the Group's financial structure remains solid  with a substantial increase in equity book value and net debt down by €185 million over one year. The leverage ratio was 1.58x  below the target set for 2024 (< 1.7x).The Group has undrawn confirmed credit lines not allocated to cover liquidity risk on NEU CP amounting to €847 million at 31 December 2024 (€683 million at 31 December 2023).Climate performance2024 2023 Variation Objectives2030 Direct specific emissions(kg CO 2 net per ton of cement equivalent) 576 588 -2.0% 497 Direct specific emissions in Europe(kg CO 2 net per ton of cement equivalent) 497 501 -0.8% 430 Alternative fuel rate (%) 36.0% 32.0% +4.0pts 50.0% Clinker rate (%) 76.3% 76.8% -0.5pts 69.0%The Group's climate performance improved in 2024 across all indicators.In the United States  the ramp-up of Ragland's more efficient kiln 2 and the switch to type 1L cement in California and the South-East contributed to improvements in the substitution rate and the clinker factor respectively. The substitution rate also rose sharply in India (+13 points) thanks to the start-up of new grinding facilities in Bharathi and Kalburgi and the diversification of supply sources.The start-up of the Argilor project at Xeuilley (using activated clays as a sustainable substitute to replace clinker) in the second half of 2024 should help to improve France's clinker factor from 2025. The DECA range (low-carbon solutions) continues to grow  accounting for more than 16% of sales (by volume) of the Cement business in France  an increase of more than 100% year-on-year.The Vicat Group has reiterated its climate roadmap and its 2030 target of lowering its direct specific emissions to 497 kg CO 2 net per ton of cement equivalent and to 430 kg CO 2 net per ton of cement equivalent in Europe. This objective is solely based on existing proven technologies and does not rely on any technological breakthroughs  such as carbon capture and storage/use.In 2024  the Group launched the ‘low carbon to zero carbon’ initiative with the announcement of 2 CCS projects  in Montalieu  France (VAIA project) and in Lebec  California (Lebec Net Zero LNZ project). The Group recently signed a cooperation agreement with the United States Department of Energy (DOE)  Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations  to finance up to 50% of phase 1 investments and a maximum of $500 million for the LNZ project as a whole.An attractive shareholder policyFor the 2023 financial year  the Group paid a dividend of €2.0 per share  an increase of 21% compared with 2022. For the 2024 financial year  the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €2.0 at the next General Meeting  implying an attractive yield of almost 5%1 . Over the last 30 years  the Vicat Group has never lowered its dividend.Outlook for 2025The Group has set itself the following targets for 2025:Sales growth on a like-for-like basisLow single-digit EBITDA growthFinancial leverage (net debt/EBITDA) of 1.3x by the end of 2025These objectives take into account:An acceleration in performance in the second half of the year  thanks in particular to the contribution of kiln 6 in Senegal;thanks in particular to the contribution of kiln 6 in Senegal; Stabilizing energy costs ;; Net capital expenditure of around €280 million and tight control of working capital requirements.The Vicat Group aims to achieve a gearing ratio (net debt/EBITDA) of less than 1.0x at end 2027  while maintaining an EBITDA margin at least equal to 20% over the period 2025-2027.Geographical outlook for 2025:In Europe  business is likely to continue to be impacted by the weakness in residential construction  with the downturn slowing. Major infrastructure projects in France and Switzerland should make a positive contribution. The gradual integration of the cost of decarbonization should support the favorable price trend in Europe.In the United States  sales in the South-East should continue to grow  thanks to full use of the network of rail terminals around the plant  while business in California should evolve in line with market trends. Prices are expected to remain resilient in the United States.Activity in emerging countries should be contrasted  with still significant currency effects  notably in the Mediterranean zone. The good momentum should continue in Egypt  thanks to exports. Senegal should benefit from the contribution of the new kiln in the second half of the year. Brazil is expected to make progress in a competitive environment that remains tense. Business in Turkey should continue to be affected by hyperinflation and a weak currency. Business in India is expected to remain more contained in the south  where markets are more competitive  and to benefit from the increase in logistical capacity to serve Mumbai.Presentation meeting and conference callIn connection with this publication  the Vicat Group will hold an information conference call in English on 19 February 2025 at 3pm CET Paris (2pm London and 9am New York).To take part live  dial one of the following numbers:France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66UK : +44 (0) 33 0551 0200US: +1 786 697 3501The conference call will also be webcast via the Vicat website or via the following link. A recording of the conference call will be immediately available for replay on the Vicat website or via the following link.The presentation that will support this event will be available from 12 noon CET on the Vicat website.UpcomingAnnual General Meeting: 11 April 2025.First-quarter 2025 sales: 28 April 2025 after close of trading.ContactsInvestor RelationsPierre PEDROSATel. +33 (0)6 73 25 98 06pierre.pedrosa@vicat.fr PressRaphael HinningerTel. +33 (0)7 61 74 86 52raphael.hinninger@vicat.frAbout the GroupFor 170 years  Vicat has been a leading player in the mineral and biosourced building materials industry. Vicat is a group listed on the Euronext Paris market  part of the SBF 120 Index  and is under the majority control of the founding Merceron-Vicat family. Committed to a trajectory that will make it carbon-neutral across its value chain by 2050  the Vicat Group now operates three core lines of business: Cement  Ready-Mixed Concrete and Aggregates  as well as related activities. The Vicat Group is present in 12 countries spanning both developed and emerging markets. It has close to 10 000 employees and generated consolidated sales of €3 884 million in 2024. With its strong regional positions  Vicat is developing a circular economy model beneficial for all and consistently innovating to reduce the construction industry’s environmental impact.DisclaimerIn this press release  and unless indicated otherwise  all changes are stated on a year-on-year basis (2024/2023)  and at constant scope and exchange rates.The alternative performance measures (APMs)  such as “at constant scope and exchange rates”  “operational sales”  “EBITDA”  “recurring EBIT”  “net debt” and “leverage” are defined in the appendix to this press release.This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator  but rather trends or targets. These statements are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the Company’s Universal Registration Document on its website (www.vicat.fr). These statements do not reflect the future performance of the Company  which may differ significantly. The Company does not undertake to provide updates of these statements.More comprehensive information about Vicat is available on its website www.vicat.fr.Definition of alternative performance indicators (APIs)Performance at constant scope and exchange rates is used to determine the organic growth trend in P&L items between two periods and to compare them by eliminating the impact of exchange rate fluctuations and changes in the scope of consolidation. It is calculated by applying exchange rates and the scope of consolidation from the prior period to figures for the current period.is used to determine the organic growth trend in P&L items between two periods and to compare them by eliminating the impact of exchange rate fluctuations and changes in the scope of consolidation. It is calculated by applying exchange rates and the scope of consolidation from the prior period to figures for the current period. A geographical (or a business) segment’s operational sales are the sales posted by the geographical (or business) segment in question less intra-region (or intra-segment) sales.are the sales posted by the geographical (or business) segment in question less intra-region (or intra-segment) sales. EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization): sales less purchases used  staff costs and taxes adjusted for other income and expenses on ongoing business.(earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization): sales less purchases used  staff costs and taxes adjusted for other income and expenses on ongoing business. Recurring EBIT : (earnings before interest and tax): EBITDA less net depreciation  amortization  additions to provisions and impairment losses on ongoing business.: (earnings before interest and tax): EBITDA less net depreciation  amortization  additions to provisions and impairment losses on ongoing business. Free cash flow: net operating cash flow after deducting capital expenditure net of disposals and financial investments and before the dividend payment.net operating cash flow after deducting capital expenditure net of disposals and financial investments and before the dividend payment. Net debt represents gross debt (consisting of the outstanding amount of borrowings from investors and credit institutions  residual financial liabilities under finance leases  any other borrowings and financial liabilities excluding options to sell and bank overdrafts)  net of cash and cash equivalents  including remeasured hedging derivatives and debt.represents gross debt (consisting of the outstanding amount of borrowings from investors and credit institutions  residual financial liabilities under finance leases  any other borrowings and financial liabilities excluding options to sell and bank overdrafts)  net of cash and cash equivalents  including remeasured hedging derivatives and debt. Leverage is a ratio based on a company’s profitability  calculated as net debt/consolidated EBITDA.Vicat Group - AppendicesAll the 2024 financial statements (consolidated and parent-company accounts) are available  together with the notes  on the www.vicat.fr website in the Investors section  under News Releases and Financial Presentations.Simplified consolidated financial statements 2024(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 3 884 3 937 -1.3% +2.3% EBITDA 783 740 +5.9% +10.1% Operating depreciation  amortization and provisions -326 -6.3% Recurring EBIT 457 433 +5.7% +11.3% Operating income 458 415 +10.2% +19.8% Net financial income -73 +0.2% +7.3% Income tax -96 +65.3% Consolidated net income 290 295 -1.8% +6.1% Attributable to minority interests 17 37 -52.7% Net income - Group share 273 258 +5.5% +11.9% Earnings per share (in euros)Basic earnings per share 6.13 5.82 +5.4% Earnings per share (in euros)Basic and diluted earnings per share 6.09 5.78 +5.4% ROCE2 8.1% 8.0% +10bp Operating Cash flow3 659 589 +11.9% +18.8% Change in working capital 42 20 +110.0% Net cash flows from operating activities 701 609 +15.1% Industrials investments net of disposals -320 -300 +6.7% Financial investments net of disposals -8 -12 -38.5% Free cash flow 373 295 +26.7% Cash conversion rate4 47.6% 39.9% +7.7pp Dividend -102 -94 +8.5% Repayment of lease liabilities -53 -51 +3.9% Other changes -33 -5 ns Change in financial net debt -185 -145 Financial net debt 1 237 1 422 *at constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates2024 results by geographic zoneFrance(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 1 158 1 211 -4.4% -4.4% EBITDA 195 212 -7.8% -7.8% Recurring EBIT 90 111 -18.6% -18.6% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesThe Cement business in France continues to be impacted by the weakness of the residential market  but the decline slowed sequentially over the year. The infrastructure project for the Lyon-Turin rail link (TELT) contributed in limited fashion to business in 2024. Cement prices rose following the price increase passed in early 2024. Operating sales for the cement business fell by -6.9%  while EBITDA declined by -11.2% over the year notably because of the volume gap.The rate of decline in the Concrete & Aggregates business also slowed throughout the year  with the Aggregates business notably benefiting from the impetus of the TELT project (reception of excavated materials). As a result  operating sales for the Concrete & Aggregates business were down -4.9% and EBITDA was down -1.8% in 2024.Operating sales for Other Products & Services rose by 1.5% in 2024 thanks to the contribution of TELT to SATM Grand Travaux' business. EBITDA for Other Products & Services was stable year-on-year.Europe (Switzerland and Italy)(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 411 407 +0 9% +29% EBITDA 110 101 +85% +109% Recurring EBIT 74 66 +126% +163% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesCement business in Switzerland continues to be impacted by the weakness of the residential market  with volumes down slightly over the year. The rate of decline slowed sequentially in 2024  levelling off in the fourth quarter. Major infrastructure projects (construction of the Gléresse tunnel and renovation of the Weissenstein tunnel) should support activity in 2025. Prices were stable over the period. Cement operating sales were down slightly by -0.7% at constant consolidation scope and exchange rates in 2024  thanks in particular to the good performance of Altola (waste treatment business). EBITDA fell slightly by -3.0%.Operating sales for the Concrete & Aggregates business rose by 0.9% at constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates in 2024. EBITDA rose by 29.3% over the period  notably due to the positive contribution of non-recurring items.In 2024  operating sales for Other Products & Services improved by 9.2% on a like-for-like basis  thanks to the strong momentum of the Vigier Rail business. EBITDA rose strongly over the period.In Italy  operating sales improved by +3.4% on a like-for-like basis in 2024  against a backdrop of stabilizing volumes and higher average selling prices. EBITDA rose by 22.1% thanks to lower electricity costs.Americas (United States and Brazil)(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 1 004 979 +2.5% +4.6% EBITDA 249 216 +15.3% +17.5% Recurring EBIT 167 139 +19.9% +22.3% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesIn the United States  the Cement business grew in 2024. Volumes increased in the South-East  thanks in particular to the ramp-up of a network of rail terminals  which expanded the catchment area of the Ragland plant. This increase more than offset the fall in volumes in California  which continue to be affected by the slowdown in residential demand. The pricing environment remains favorable in the United States  notably benefiting from price increases passed in the second quarter of 2024 in California. Cement operating sales rose by 8.7% on a like-for-like basis in 2024  with EBITDA up by a strong 31.6%. This growth is the result of a significant improvement in cash costs  thanks to lower fossil fuel prices and the increased use of alternative fuels at the Ragland plant  which now accounts for more than 50% of sales.Operating sales of concrete in the United States improved by 8.0% on a like-for-like basis  thanks to good price dynamics in both regions. EBITDA rose by 14.0%.In Brazil  the Cement business saw a weaker contraction in volumes in the second half of the year than in the first. The Centre-West region  where Ciplan operates  continues to be affected by an unfavorable competitive environment. Against this backdrop  the Group has opted for a ""price over volume"" strategy  enabling it to record stable average sales prices overall for the year. As a result  Cement operating sales were down -8.2% at constant scope and exchange rates in 2024. EBITDA fell by -4.2%  the volume effect being partly offset by lower energy costs.Operating sales for the Concrete & Aggregates business in Brazil rose by 3.9% on a like-for-like basis in 2024  with higher prices for concrete and aggregates. EBITDA rose by 7.3%.Asia (India and Kazakhstan)(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 439 492 -10.7% -9.3% EBITDA 84 88 -4.6% -3.2% Recurring EBIT 53 56 -6.1% -4.8% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesAfter a solid first half  business declined in India  with volumes down significantly in the second half due to the intensification of the competitive environment in the southern states. The post-election environment is also weighing on the construction business  with a temporary slowdown in public spending  particularly in the state of Andhra Pradesh. Against this backdrop  the Group has opted for a ""price over volume"" strategy. Volumes also rose sharply in 2024 in Maharashtra  where Kalburgi Cement serves Mumbai via a rail terminal. This momentum should continue in 2025 with the addition of rail capacity. Operating sales will therefore decline by -10.7% on a like-for-like basis in 2024. EBITDA grew by 7.8%. This increase is attributable to a sharp fall in fossil fuel costs combined to a sharp rise in the use of alternative fuels (+13 points in 2024).After an increase in volumes in the first half  business in Kazakhstan was marked by a fall in volumes in the second half due to the slowdown in growth in the domestic market. Over the full year  volumes remained stable. Prices rose in the second half  following a downward trend in the first half. Operating sales therefore fell by -1.2% on a like-for-like basis in 2024. EBITDA fell by -45.4% due to additional logistics costs and higher energy costs (electricity and fossil fuels whose prices are uncorrelated with international markets).Mediterranean (Turkey and Egypt)(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 498 464 +7.2% +29.8% EBITDA 78 68 +14.8% +46.7% Recurring EBIT 51 48 +7.2% +43.3% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesThe Cement business in Turkey was impacted by a slight fall in volumes in 2024 due to the deceleration in the economy  accentuated by a slowdown in the public construction market following the municipal elections last spring. Prices rose in the second half on the same scale as in the first half  to offset the impact of inflation on production costs. As a result  Cement operating sales grew by +21.3% on a like-for-like basis in 2024 (+8.1% on a reported basis due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro over the period). EBITDA fell by -16.5% (-6.2% at constant scope and exchange rates)  with price increases only partially offsetting the effects of inflation (wage and energy inflation) on production costs.Operating sales of Concrete & Aggregates in Turkey rose by +32.2% on a like-for-like basis in 2024 (+17.8% on a reported basis due to the sharp depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro over the period) thanks to higher sales prices  despite a decline in concrete volumes and  to a lesser extent  aggregates volumes. EBITDA fell by -66.7% (down -62.6% on a like-for-like basis)  with price rises only very partially offsetting inflation (in wages and energy) in production costs.In 2024  the Cement business in Egypt was marked by a contraction in domestic volumes  resulting from the accelerated growth in export cement volumes to the Mediterranean and African zones  which are more profitable. In 2024  export cement volumes accounted for close to 50% of total Egyptian volumes. Prices rose sharply on the domestic market from the summer onwards  converging towards the level of export prices. Operating sales rose by 50.3% on a like-for-like basis and by 1.6% on a reported basis in 2024. EBITDA increases significantly to 34 million euros  with an EBITDA margin of 27.7%.Africa (Senegal  Mali  Mauritania)(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Consolidated sales 375 384 -2.3% -1.6% EBITDA 67 54 +23.1% +24.6% Recurring EBIT 22 13 +67.8% +71.4% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesThe Cement business in Senegal declined slightly in 2024  with stable volumes over the year in a context of very slightly lower prices. Cement operating sales in Senegal fell by -2.7% in 2024. The Group's priority remains the start-up of kiln 6  whose ramp-up phase should begin in the second quarter of 2025  with a contribution to EBITDA expected in the second half of 2025. EBITDA recovered by +39.0%  mainly due to lower energy costs and improved industrial performance.Aggregates operating sales in Senegal were stable in 2024 (+0.7%) with lower volumes  penalized by the slowdown in public works following the change of government  and higher prices. The unblocking of infrastructure contracts should bolster business. EBITDA grew by 8.4%.Cement operating sales in Mali remained stable in 2024 (+0.5%) with volumes contracting slightly while prices remained stable. Cement operating sales in Mauritania rose by 5.8% at constant scope and exchange rates thanks to a strong increase in volumes. Cumulative EBITDA in these two countries remained stable over the period.2024 results by activityCement(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Volumes (thousands of tons) 28 014 28 839 -2.9% Operating sales 2 447 2 526 -3.1% +1.3% Consolidated sales 2 076 2 153 -3.6% +1.2% EBITDA 582 544 +7.0% +11.7% Recurring EBIT 369 346 +6.6% +12.6% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesConcrete & Aggregates(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Concrete volumes (thousands of m3) 9 442 10 020 -5.8% Aggregates volume (thousands of tons) 22 855 24 273 -5.8% Operating sales 1 530 1 510 +1.3% +4.2% Consolidated sales 1 477 1 470 +0.5% +3.2% EBITDA 172 169 +1.4% +4.6% Recurring EBIT 75 76 -1.8% +3.3% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange ratesOther Products & Services(In millions of euros) 2024 2023 Changereported Changelfl* Operating sales 472 453 +4.1% +4.7% Consolidated sales 331 314 +5.4% +5.0% EBITDA 30 27 +12.9% +12.4% Recurring EBIT 13 10 +28.6% +26.6% *at constant consolidation scope and exchange rates1 Calculated on the basis of market capitalization at 31 January 20252 ROCE = Recurring EBIT after tax / Capital employed3 Operating Cash flow = Net income - other non-cash income (operating  financial and exceptional write-backs) - income from asset disposals + other non-cash expenses (operating  financial and exceptional allowances) + net book value of assets sold - share of investment subsidies transferred to income for the year.4 Cash conversion rate = free cash flow / EBITDAAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.23,0.34,True,English,"['FY 2024 Results', 'Vicat', 'unfavorable exchange rate effects', 'pre-inflationary crisis margin levels', 'negative exchange rate changes', 'free cash flow', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'favorable price/cost differential', 'consolidated financial statements', 'constant consolidation scope', 'tougher competitive environment', 'negative 127 million euros', 'Consolidated net income', 'new leverage target', 'Organic sales growth', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'The Cement business', 'exchange rates', 'scope effect', 'Consolidated sales', '3 new priorities', 'currency effect', 'perimeter effect', 'The Concrete', 'difficult environment', 'deteriorated environment', '849 million euros', '75 million euros', '26 million euros', '4 million euros', 'United States', 'Current EBIT', 'Guy Sidos', 'Mediterranean region', 'climate roadmap', 'low-carbon solutions', 'first contribution', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'Turkish lira', 'Egyptian pound', 'Brazilian real', 'continuing slowdown', 'residential sector', 'positive contribution', 'developed countries', 'Aggregates businesses', 'Other Products', 'Vigier Rail', 'time record', 'historic lows', 'Energy costs', 'personnel costs', 'maintenance costs', 'wage bill', 'total workforce', 'alternative fuels', 'fossil fuels', 'Recurring EBIT', 'Cement prices', 'Strong growth', 'good performance', 'operating performance', 'industrial performance', 'organic increase', 'Vicat model', 'debt reduction', 'historic results', 'February 18th', 'record level', 'The Group', 'EBITDA growth', 'successful year', 'Group share', '+140 basis points', '26.7% growth', '20.2% EBITDA', '14 February', '+4.0 points', 'Europe', '1,6x', 'millions', '1.4 pts', 'Chairman', 'robustness', 'commitment', 'teams', 'resilience', 'progress', 'line', 'period', 'implementation', 'promotion', 'continued', 'momentum', 'stabilization', 'end', 'integration', 'VPI/Cermix', 'investment', 'Senegal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'Activity', 'FY', 'depreciation', 'recovery', 'France', 'India', 'volumes', 'regions', 'Services', 'Turkey', 'Switzerland', 'Ragland', 'exports', 'markets', 'improvements', 'context', 'solidity', 'Underlying', 'indexation', 'use', 'objective', 'Reported', 'account', '0.0']",2025-02-18,2025-02-19,globenewswire.com
48954,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/20/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/okeanis-eco-tankers-corp-key-information-relating-to-q4-2024-dividend/2059033,Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp. - Key Information relating to Q4 2024 dividend,"Since May 28  2024  the New York Stock Exchange (""NYSE”) has been settling its trades on a T+1 basis  while the Oslo Stock Exchange (""OSE”) continues to settle its trades on a T+2 basis. As a result  there will be different ex-dividend dates between the two exchanges  as set out below.","ATHENS  Greece  Feb. 19  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp. (""OET” or the ""Company”) (NYSE: ECO / OSE: OET)  announced today that the Company's board of directors (the ""Board”) has declared a dividend on its common shares (the ""Dividend”).Due to implementation of the Central Securities Depository Regulation (""CSDR”) in Norway  shareholders who hold shares registered in Euronext Securities Oslo  the central securities depository in Norway (""VPS”) should please note the information on the payment date to the shares registered in VPS below.Since May 28  2024  the New York Stock Exchange (""NYSE”) has been settling its trades on a T+1 basis  while the Oslo Stock Exchange (""OSE”) continues to settle its trades on a T+2 basis. As a result  there will be different ex-dividend dates between the two exchanges  as set out below.Key information relating to the Dividend:Dividend amount: USD 0.35 per common share. Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyDeclared currency: USD. Dividends payable to common shares registered in the Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Date of Board approval: February 19  2025. AdvertisementLast day including right OSE: February 27  2025  the last date on which the Company's common shares trading on the OSE will include the entitlement to the Dividend.Last day including right NYSE: February 28  2025  the last date on which the Company's common shares trading on the NYSE will include the entitlement to the Dividend.Ex-date OSE: February 28  2025  the date on which the Company's common shares will begin trading on the OSE without the entitlement to the Dividend.Ex-date NYSE: March 3  2025  the date on which the Company's common shares will begin trading on the NYSE without the entitlement to the Dividend. AdvertisementRecord date OSE and NYSE: March 3  2025Payment date: March 17  2025. Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway  the Dividend payable on common shares that are registered in the Euronext VPS is expected to be distributed to Euronext VPS shareholders on or about March 20  2025.The Company encourages you to contact your bank  broker  nominee or other institution if you have any questions regarding the mechanics and timing of having the Dividend attributable to your common shares credited to your account.ContactsCompany:AdvertisementIraklis Sbarounis  CFOTel: +30 210 480 4200[email protected]Investor Relations / Media Contact:AdvertisementNicolas Bornozis  PresidentCapital Link  Inc.230 Park Avenue  Suite 1540  New York  N.Y. 10169Tel: +1 (212) 661-7566Advertisement[email protected]About OETOET is a leading international tanker company providing seaborne transportation of crude oil and refined products. The Company was incorporated on April 30  2018 under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and is listed on Oslo Børs under the symbol OET and the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ECO. The sailing fleet consists of six modern scrubber-fitted Suezmax tankers and eight modern scrubber-fitted VLCC tankers.Forward-Looking StatementsAdvertisementThis communication contains ""forward-looking statements”  including as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements provide the Company's current expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's expectations  beliefs  plans  objectives  intentions  assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts or that are not present facts or conditions. Words or phrases such as ""anticipate ” ""believe ” ""continue ” ""estimate ” ""expect ” ""hope ” ""intend ” ""may ” ""ongoing ” ""plan ” ""potential ” ""predict ” ""project ” ""should ” ""will” or similar words or phrases  or the negatives of those words or phrases  may identify forward-looking statements  but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements for many reasons  including as described in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC”). Accordingly  you should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this communication. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include  but are not limited to  the Company's operating or financial results; the Company's liquidity  including its ability to service its indebtedness; competitive factors in the market in which the Company operates; shipping industry trends  including charter rates  vessel values and factors affecting vessel supply and demand; future  pending or recent acquisitions and dispositions  business strategy  areas of possible expansion or contraction  and expected capital spending or operating expenses; risks associated with operations; broader market impacts arising from war (or threatened war) or international hostilities; risks associated with pandemics  including effects on demand for oil and other products transported by tankers and the transportation thereof; and other factors listed from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC. Except to the extent required by law  the Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with respect thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any statement is based. You should  however  review the factors and risks the Company describes in the reports it files and furnishes from time to time with the SEC  which can be obtained free of charge on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Continuing Obligations.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp.', 'Key Information', 'Q4 2024 dividend', 'six modern scrubber-fitted Suezmax tankers', 'eight modern scrubber-fitted VLCC tankers', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp.', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Central Securities Depository Regulation', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'leading international tanker company', 'U.S. Securities', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'different ex-dividend dates', 'President Capital Link', 'Oslo Børs', 'shipping industry trends', 'Advertisement Nicolas Bornozis', 'Euronext VPS shareholders', 'Exchange Commission', 'The Company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'T+1 basis', 'T+2 basis', 'two exchanges', 'common share', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Last day', 'other institution', 'Iraklis Sbarounis', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Contact', '230 Park Avenue', 'N.Y.', 'seaborne transportation', 'crude oil', 'refined products', 'Marshall Islands', 'sailing fleet', 'future events', 'historical facts', 'present facts', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'many reasons', 'financial results', 'charter rates', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other statements', 'payment date', 'last date', 'Record date', 'Key information', 'current expectations', 'inaccurate assumptions', 'vessel values', 'Contacts Company', 'Board approval', 'competitive factors', 'right OSE', 'right NYSE', 'Ex-date OSE', 'Ex-date NYSE', 'similar words', 'Dividend amount', 'shares', 'ATHENS', 'Greece', 'OET', 'directors', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'May', 'trades', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'currency', 'Dividends', 'NOK', 'February', 'entitlement', 'March', 'bank', 'broker', 'nominee', 'questions', 'mechanics', 'timing', 'account', 'CFO', 'Tel', 'Suite', 'April', 'Republic', 'symbol', 'communication', 'forecasts', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'conditions', 'phrases', 'anticipate', 'hope', 'negatives', 'absence', 'uncertainties', 'filings', 'operating', 'liquidity', 'ability', 'indebtedness', 'market']",2025-02-20,2025-02-19,manilatimes.net
48955,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.cmswire.com/the-wire/teleperformance-forms-strategic-partnership-with-real-time-speech-understanding-provider-sanas/,Teleperformance Forms Strategic Partnership With Real-Time Speech Understanding Provider Sanas as Part of its Growth Strategy to Accelerate AI Development and Reinvent Customer Experience,Sanas partnership highlights Teleperformance's (TP) growth strategy of pursuing investments in advanced artificial intelligence to deliver enhanced customer experience management services to broad client baseTP becomes exclusive reseller of Sanas speech,"Sanas partnership highlights Teleperformance's (TP) growth strategy of pursuing investments in advanced artificial intelligence to deliver enhanced customer experience management services to broad client baseTP becomes exclusive reseller of Sanas speech understanding technology for many of the world's biggest organizations and most valued brandsTP makes equity investment of approximately $13 million in SanasClose working partnership established to help enhance Sanas' speech understanding modelNEW YORK and PARIS  Feb. 19  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Global digital business services leader Teleperformance (TP) today announced it has formed a strategic partnership with Sanas   a pioneer in providing Real-Time Speech Understanding. Under the partnership  TP has acquired an equity stake in Sanas through the tech start-up's Series B funding round and will become the exclusive reseller of Sanas' technology to many of the world's largest companies and most valuable brands  spanning a wide variety of industries. Additionally  TP will work closely with Sanas to help enhance its speech understanding model for all Sanas clients. The partnership supports TP's strategy to further invest in and expand its advanced artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities by integrating proprietary technologies and strategic collaborations to strengthen its position as a leader in delivering innovative  AI-driven solutions that transform customer experiences.""Our new strategic partnership with Sanas is part of our AI growth strategy that will allow us to develop and implement advanced AI tools to reinvent customer experience by bringing high-touch  high-tech solutions to clients that are simpler  faster  more empathetic and safer "" said Thomas Mackenbrock  TP Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer  who will serve on Sanas' customer advisory board as part of the partnership. ""We are committed to advancing our AI capabilities to drive value through cutting-edge innovation to deepen human connections  and this partnership with Sanas supports that roadmap.""More Meaningful Connections at ScaleTP Experts blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer experience that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers in 300 languages and dialects to customers across 170 countries. Leveraging Sanas' patented Real-Time Speech Understanding platform allows organizations to overcome communication barriers by softening TP Experts' accents to more closely align with clear spoken English. Additionally  it helps TP Experts deliver even more exceptional customer experiences on behalf of clients by breaking down communication barriers and empowering Experts to develop more meaningful customer connections that enhance empathy and trust at scale.Initial client programs where TP Experts have used Sanas technology have seen strong results  including a lift in customer satisfaction  an increase in first-call resolution  lower average handling time and higher sales conversion across a variety of industries.""We believe that care is inherently human-to-human "" said Sharath Keshava Narayana  President and Co-Founder of Sanas. ""Our partnership with TP is a testament to Sanas' mission of empowering human connections. By combining TP's expertise with our Speech AI platform  we are strengthening the relationship between customers and agents - while scaling it at an unprecedented level.""Through this collaboration  TP will also work closely with Sanas to enhance its AI platform capabilities by training the model to better adapt speech understanding for TP Experts in India  Philippines  Latin American  Africa and Asia.ABOUT SANASSanas is a leader in providing Real-Time Speech Understanding powered by its patented AI technologies. Born from a mission to power a kinder  more compassionate world  Sanas is pioneering a revolution in human connection by making global  real-time communication more inclusive. Today  Sanas offers Real-Time Accent Translation and free-forever Noise Cancellation. Founded in 2020  Sanas is led by a team of exceptional co-founders  including CEO Maxim Serebryakov  CTO Shawn Zhang  and COO Sharath Keshava Narayana. To learn more  visit Sanas.ai.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP) (ISIN: FR0000051807) (Reuters: TEPRF.PA) (Bloomberg: TEP.FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group's local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com.View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-forms-strategic-partnership-with-real-time-speech-understanding-provider-sanas-as-part-of-its-growth-strategy-to-accelerate-ai-development-and-reinvent-customer-experience-302380016.htmlSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Real-Time Speech Understanding Provider Sanas', 'Teleperformance Forms Strategic Partnership', 'Growth Strategy', 'AI Development', 'Customer Experience', 'TP Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'enhanced customer experience management services', 'advanced artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities', 'Global digital business services leader', 'Series B funding round', 'lower average handling time', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'COO Sharath Keshava Narayana', 'front office customer care', 'Real-Time Speech Understanding platform', ""Sanas' customer advisory board"", ""Sanas' speech understanding model"", 'Sanas speech understanding technology', 'AI platform capabilities', 'Speech AI platform', 'enhanced customer care', 'Real-Time Accent Translation', 'broad client base', 'innovative, AI-driven solutions', 'high-touch, high-tech solutions', 'clear spoken English', 'Initial client programs', 'higher sales conversion', 'CEO Maxim Serebryakov', 'CTO Shawn Zhang', 'advanced AI tools', 'global, real-time communication', 'meaningful customer connections', 'More Meaningful Connections', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'AI growth strategy', 'Close working partnership', 'new strategic partnership', 'AI capabilities', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'advanced technology', 'The Group', 'customer satisfaction', 'AI technologies', 'Sanas.ai', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'NEW YORK', 'human connections', 'exceptional co', 'strategic collaborations', 'communication barriers', ""Sanas' technology"", 'Sanas technology', 'exclusive reseller', 'valued brands', 'equity investment', 'equity stake', 'tech start-up', 'largest companies', 'valuable brands', 'proprietary technologies', 'Thomas Mackenbrock', 'cutting-edge innovation', 'biggest brands', 'strong results', 'first-call resolution', 'unprecedented level', 'Latin American', 'Noise Cancellation', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'Leveraging Sanas', 'ABOUT SANAS', 'human empathy', 'TP Experts', 'biggest organizations', 'wide variety', 'Sanas partnership', ""Sanas' mission"", 'compassionate world', 'Sanas clients', 'investments', 'PARIS', 'Feb.', 'pioneer', 'industries', 'position', 'roadmap', 'Scale', 'customers', '300 languages', 'dialects', '170 countries', 'accents', 'behalf', 'trust', 'lift', 'increase', 'President', 'Founder', 'testament', 'expertise', 'relationship', 'agents', 'India', 'Philippines', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'patented', 'revolution', 'team', 'TEP', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'advisors', '100 countries']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,cmswire.com
48956,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64601899-societe-bic-evolution-of-societe-bic-s-board-of-directors-composition-399.htm,Societe BIC: Evolution of Société BIC's Board of Directors composition,Evolution of Société BIC's Board of Directors composition Clichy  France - February 19  2025 - The Board of Directors  in its meeting of February 18  2025  acknowledged,"Evolution of Société BIC's Board of Directors compositionClichy  France - February 19  2025 - The Board of Directors  in its meeting of February 18  2025  acknowledged the wish of Maëlys Castella  whose term of office as Director is expiring in May 2025  not to seek reelection.On the recommendation of the Nominations  Governance and CSR Committee  the Board of Directors unanimously decided to propose the appointment of Esther Gaide as an Independent Director at the next Shareholders Meeting to be held on May 20  2025.The Board of Directors also recommended that  subject to the vote of the Shareholders' Meeting  Esther Gaide be appointed Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.Esther Gaide is a graduate of ESSEC and a chartered accountant. Esther Gaide began her career in 1983 in external auditing  first with PricewaterhouseCoopers in Paris and London  then with Deloitte in Paris and Los Angeles. In 1994  she joined the Bolloré Group  where she held various positions in the finance department. In 2011  she joined Technicolor as Group Controller  before becoming Chief Financial Officer and member of the Executive Committee in 2015. From March 2018 to April 2023  she was Chief Financial Officer of the Elior Group. She is Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Forvia as well as Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Iliad SA.Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board of Directors  said: ""On behalf of BIC's Board of Directors  I would like to sincerely thank Maëlys for her active contribution to the work of the Board and for her commitment over the course of her two mandates  particularly as Chair of the Audit Committee  and extend a warm welcome to Esther Gaide.""***ContactsBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comInvestor Relationsinvestors.info@bicworld.com Bethridge ToovellVP Global Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAbout BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC's commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 13 000 team members worldwide  BIC's portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC's full range of products visit www.bic.com. Follow BIC on LinkedIn  Instagram  YouTube and TikTok.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Société BIC', 'Societe BIC', 'Directors composition', 'Evolution', 'Board', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Press Relations contact', 'VP Global Communications', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Maëlys Castella', 'next Shareholders Meeting', 'Société BIC', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'global leader', 'CSR Committee', 'Esther Gaide', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'chartered accountant', 'external auditing', 'Los Angeles', 'Bolloré Group', 'various positions', 'finance department', 'Group Controller', 'Executive Committee', 'Elior Group', 'Iliad SA', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'active contribution', 'two mandates', 'warm welcome', 'Isabelle de', 'everyday life', '13,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'steadfast commitments', 'full range', 'Euronext Paris', 'BIC® 4-Color', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex', 'trusted products', 'Independent Director', 'Directors composition', 'Bethridge Toovell', 'Brice Paris', 'Evolution', 'Board', 'Clichy', 'France', 'February', 'wish', 'term', 'May', 'reelection', 'recommendation', 'Nominations', 'Governance', 'appointment', 'vote', 'Chair', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'career', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'London', 'Deloitte', 'Technicolor', 'March', 'April', 'Forvia', 'behalf', 'work', 'course', 'Contacts', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'BodyMark®', 'Cello®', 'Cristal®', 'Inkbox®', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook®', 'Tattly®', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep®', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok']",2025-02-06,2025-02-19,finanznachrichten.de
48957,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/20/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/coop-pank-as-establishes-an-eur-750000000-covered-bond-programme/2058871,Coop Pank AS establishes an EUR 750 000 000 Covered Bond Programme,Coop Pank AS (Bank) has established an EUR 750 000 000 Covered Bond Programme (Programme). The Central Bank of Ireland has approved the base prospectus (Base Prospectus) for the Programme on 19 February 2025.,Coop Pank AS (Bank) has established an EUR 750 000 000 Covered Bond Programme (Programme). The Central Bank of Ireland has approved the base prospectus (Base Prospectus) for the Programme on 19 February 2025. The Base Prospectus will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie and on the Bank's website at https://www.cooppank.ee/en/investor.Establishment of the Programme is one of the preparatory steps in the commencement of issuance of covered bonds by the Bank. According to initial forecasts  the first issuance is expected to take place in the first half of 2025. The Bank will notify the market with a separate stock exchange announcement once the exact timing and conditions of the issuance are determined. The covered bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated (P)Aa2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd.Coop Pank  based on Estonian capital  is one of the five universal banks operating in Estonia. The number of clients using Coop Pank for their daily banking reached 209 500. Coop Pank aims to put the synergy generated by the interaction of retail business and banking to good use and to bring everyday banking services closer to people's homes. The strategic shareholder of the bank is the domestic retail chain Coop Eesti  comprising of 320 stores.Additional information:Paavo TruuGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyCFOPhone: +372 5160 231AdvertisementE-mail: [email protected]Advertisement,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['EUR 750,000,000 Covered Bond Programme', 'Coop Pank AS', 'separate stock exchange announcement', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'EUR 750,000,000 Covered Bond Programme', 'five universal banks', 'domestic retail chain', 'Investors Service Ltd', 'everyday banking services', 'The Base Prospectus', 'The Central Bank', 'Coop Pank AS', 'covered bonds', 'The Bank', 'retail business', 'Coop Eesti', 'Euronext Dublin', 'preparatory steps', 'initial forecasts', 'first half', 'exact timing', 'Estonian capital', 'daily banking', 'good use', 'strategic shareholder', 'Additional information', 'Paavo Truu', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'first issuance', 'Ireland', '19 February', 'website', 'ise', 'ie', 'cooppank', 'Establishment', 'commencement', 'place', 'market', 'conditions', 'Moody', 'number', 'synergy', 'interaction', 'people', 'homes', '320 stores', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'CFO', 'Phone']",2025-02-20,2025-02-19,manilatimes.net
48958,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6041118,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Shares Highlights from Virtual R&D Update with KOL Speakers,Inhibition of QPCTL represents a potentially novel CKD target and varoglutamstat has reported a consistent efficacy signal and treatment effect in two independent Phase 2 studies in patients with diabetes at different timepoints  with both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND showing a statistically significant improvement in eGFR over baseline,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Shares Highlights from Virtual R&D Update with KOL SpeakersHalle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  February 19  2025 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced key takeaways from its virtual R&D update with KOL (Key Opinion Leader) speakers held February 18  2025. The event contextualized key data and statistical rigor supporting varoglutamstat’s beneficial effect on kidney function reported in two independent Phase 2 studies  provided an update on the Company’s clinical development plan for varoglutamstat in diabetic kidney disease (DKD)  outlined varoglutamstat’s potential market positioning and provided further data on its new development compound  VY2149.The event featured presentations from Tobias B. Huber  MD  Professor of Medicine  and Kevin Carroll  PhD  CEO  KJC Statistics  as well as from Vivoryon’s management.“As we progress varoglutamstat through the next steps of clinical development in kidney disease  we are extremely encouraged to have the support from key experts in the field like Tobias and Kevin  whose counsel is instrumental in designing our clinical studies with the maximum chance of success in effectively addressing the great medical need in kidney disease  especially in our initial target population of stage 3b/4 DKD ” said Frank Weber  MD  CEO of Vivoryon. “With varoglutamstat  we are in the unique position of having substantial clinical evidence to support an entirely novel mechanism of action designed to overcome the persisting hurdles in the development of viable  safe and effective therapies to not only slow progression  but to stabilize or even improve kidney function.”Highlights from Prof. Huber’s presentation include:Current standard of care only reduces risk of CKD progression by approx. 1/3  meaning a significant risk remains of disease progression or premature death in a growing and aging populationTo alleviate this burden for patients and healthcare providers  therapies are urgently needed that reduce or reverse risk of progression in CKD/DKD and rare kidney disordersInhibition of QPCTL represents a potentially novel CKD target and varoglutamstat has reported a consistent efficacy signal and treatment effect in two independent Phase 2 studies in patients with diabetes at different timepoints  with both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND showing a statistically significant improvement in eGFR over baselineA responder analysis confirmed that the consistent effect seen in both studies was not driven by a few outliners but that the majority of patients (> 70%) responded to treatmentIn an effort to further elucidate mechanistic details in underlying varoglutamstat activity on kidney function  human kidney organoids were created that will be tested in an in vitro system to investigate specific effects of varoglutamstat on renal tissueHighlights from Dr. Carroll’s presentation include:The meta-analysis of VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND was conducted to provide the best overall assessment of efficacy of varoglutamstat and to statistically validate the homogeneity of outcomesThe meta-analysis shows consistent results of high effect size and strongly supports viability of moving into a Phase 2b study in patients with diabetes with a comparatively low patient number  based on rigorous statistical planning and robust resultsHighlights from presentations held by Vivoryon’s management include:Inflammation and fibrosis have long been known as key drivers of kidney disease  yet attempts to develop effective therapeutics selectively targeting key pathways have had limited successInhibiting QPCTL  an enzyme that creates pro-inflammatory pE-versions of key inflammatory proteins  has the potential to halt the progressive course of kidney disease through its novel approach to tackle inflammation and fibrosis  making it a promising targetVivoryon has compiled robust evidence demonstrating inhibition of intracellular QPCTL decreases activity of pro-inflammatory cytokines and kidney fibrosis all the way from in vitro and in vivo data to human clinical resultsVaroglutamstat is uniquely positioned within the evolving kidney disease landscape through its one-of-a-kind combination of key characteristics: oral availability  novel MOA addressing key components of disease pathways  single agent activity and suitability for use in combination therapies  demonstrated beneficial long-term effect on eGFR  long-term safety data confirmedThe initial target market for varoglutamstat in late-stage DKD represents an attractive patient opportunity with a potential for expansion to earlier stages of DKD / CKD as well as orphan diseasesFuture opportunities include new development compound VY2149 which has preclinically shown improved cellular uptake and pharmacokineticsVivoryon plans to initiate a double-blind placebo-controlled Phase 2b study in patients with type 2 diabetes and CKD stages 3b and worse on top of standard of careIn-line with focusing resources on advancing in kidney disease  Vivoryon has decided to discontinue investigation of varoglutamstat in Alzheimer's diseaseOverall  Vivoryon is poised to improve kidney health with varoglutamstat’s novel mechanism of action and breakthrough clinical study resultsA replay of the webcast of the virtual R&D update will be available via the Presentations & Webcasts page in the Investor Relations section on the Company's website at www.vivoryon.com.###About VaroglutamstatVaroglutamstat (PQ912) is a proprietary  potent and selective inhibitor of human glutaminyl cyclases QPCT and QPCTL with therapeutic potential in indications including inflammatory and fibrotic diseases  neurodegenerative diseases  cancer and others. Initially advanced development aiming to treat Alzheimer’s disease (AD)  varoglutamstat has been investigated in a number of different clinical studies. Based on the known anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic activity of varoglutamstat  the protocol for the Phase 2b VIVIAD study in early AD included the investigation of kidney function (measured using eGFR) and measurement of biomarkers of kidney inflammation and fibrosis to explore the role of QPCT/L inhibition on kidney function. eGFR was also analyzed as a prospectively defined safety parameter in the VIVA-MIND Phase 2 study in the U.S.About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by its passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  the Company strives to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. The Company leverages its in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. The Company has established a pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including Alzheimer’s disease  inflammatory and fibrotic disorders  including of the kidney  and cancer. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. The Company’s results of operations  cash needs  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  future transactions  strategies or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactsVivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Dr. Manuela Bader  Director IR & CommunicationEmail: [email protected]LifeSci AdvisorsSandya von der WeidTel: +41 78 680 05 38Email: [email protected]Media ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria Fisher or Verena SchossmannTel: +49 175 8041816 / +49 151 219 412 77Email: [email protected]Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.17,0.33,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Virtual R&D Update', 'KOL Speakers', 'Highlights', 'double-blind placebo-controlled Phase 2b study', 'Virtual R&D Update', 'two independent Phase 2 studies', 'Key Opinion Leader) speakers', 'new development compound VY2149', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'evolving kidney disease landscape', 'small molecule medicines', 'great medical need', 'best overall assessment', 'low patient number', 'initial target market', 'attractive patient opportunity', 'KOL Speakers Halle', 'initial target population', 'rigorous statistical planning', 'rare kidney disorders', 'human kidney organoids', 'high effect size', 'substantial clinical evidence', 'clinical development plan', 'human clinical results', 'single agent activity', 'long-term safety data', 'beneficial long-term effect', 'diabetic kidney disease', 'stage 3b/4 DKD', 'potential market positioning', 'clinical stage company', 'Tobias B. Huber', 'consistent efficacy signal', 'key inflammatory proteins', 'novel CKD target', 'underlying varoglutamstat activity', 'clinical studies', 'effective therapeutics', 'beneficial effect', 'consistent effect', 'consistent results', 'statistical rigor', 'Prof. Huber', 'aging population', 'robust evidence', 'kidney function', 'disease pathways', 'key takeaways', 'key data', 'key experts', 'robust results', 'key drivers', 'key pathways', 'key characteristics', 'key components', 'novel mechanism', 'novel approach', 'novel MOA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'KJC Statistics', 'next steps', 'maximum chance', 'Frank Weber', 'unique position', 'persisting hurdles', 'viable, safe', 'Current standard', 'premature death', 'healthcare providers', 'different timepoints', 'significant improvement', 'responder analysis', 'mechanistic details', 'specific effects', 'renal tissue', 'Dr. Carroll', 'pro-inflammatory pE-versions', 'progressive course', 'pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'vivo data', 'oral availability', 'earlier stages', 'orphan diseases', 'Future opportunities', 'cellular uptake', 'treatment effect', 'disease progression', 'kidney fibrosis', 'late-stage DKD', 'effective therapies', 'Kevin Carroll', 'CKD progression', 'vitro system', 'significant risk', 'intracellular QPCTL', 'type 2 diabetes', 'combination therapies', 'Highlights', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'February', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'stability', 'altered', 'event', 'presentations', 'MD', 'Professor', 'PhD', 'CEO', 'management', 'support', 'field', 'counsel', 'success', 'action', '1/3', 'growing', 'burden', 'patients', 'CKD/DKD', 'Inhibition', 'VIVIAD', 'VIVA-MIND', 'eGFR', 'baseline', 'outliners', 'majority', 'effort', 'meta-analysis', 'homogeneity', 'outcomes', 'viability', 'Inflammation', 'attempts', 'enzyme', 'kind', 'suitability', 'use', 'expansion', 'pharmacokinetics']",2025-02-20,2025-02-19,taiwannews.com.tw
48959,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pioneerspost.com/news-views/20250219/do-you-really-know-responsible-business-when-you-see-one,Do you really know a responsible business when you see one?,Is your business making ‘counterfeit profits’? As a new guide shows directors how to prepare ‘true and fair’ financial statements  our columnist says responsibility means accounting for the ‘hidden costs’ on society and the planet.,If you search online for ‘responsible business’ you will have a lot of reading to do. And most business owners think they are already running a responsible business  as opposed to an irresponsible business.But how would you know one when you saw one?I like this definition from the Responsible Business Project 2030:A responsible business is a:workplace where its people accept that people and planet issues and making an ethical profit are a responsibility not a choice .. place where everyone   regardless of position  plays their part in helping to make the world a better place to live and work.  regardless of position  plays their part in helping to make the world a better place to live and work. sustainable business where the long-term future of its people  of society  and of the planet combined with sustained and ethical profit is part of the over-riding strategy of the business.where the long-term future of its people  of society  and of the planet combined with sustained and ethical profit is part of the over-riding strategy of the business. workplace where people are fairly paid  happy and engaged in their work  where well-being is prioritised  where their work is purposeful and their actions respectful of the world we live in.But reading the first bullet point – just what is an ‘ethical profit’? As opposed to an unethical profit?Philippe Joubert’s thinking may provide a clue. The international sustainability advisor and former deputy CEO of global transportation company Alstom has long argued that directors are approving ‘counterfeit’ profits.“It is not because we decided that CO2 in the atmosphere has no price that it has no cost. We are simply sending the bill to the next generation ” Joubert warned at an opening of the Euronext stock exchange in Brussels.Which gives us an example of what is missing and doesn’t seem to be very ethical.An afront to directors?The idea that your calculated profit  all signed off by your auditor  is unethical may feel like an afront to many company directors. Who is to say it’s unethical  especially when it has been calculated by reference to internationally agreed accounting standards and approved by an auditor (who upholds a professional code of ethics). Directors approving ‘counterfeit’ profits? That would surely be illegal. And directors have a legal duty to produce accounts that are true and fair  and their auditor must satisfy themselves that they are true and fair.The idea that your calculated profit... is unethical may feel like an afront to many company directors... And directors have a legal duty to produce accounts that are true and fairBut a responsible business would take responsibility for its costs. Not just the costs agreed in contracts or that are part of legal requirements for running its operations. All the costs that arise as a consequence of running the business and then  hopefully  making a profit.So what then is a cost? There are many definitions for what is such an intuitive idea. Here’s one example of a dictionary definition:“the amount of money needed to buy  do  or make something”The amount of money needed?I suspect when we read this  we think about the money needed by the business to buy something the business needs that belongs to someone else. The business enters into a contract and the payment can be legally enforced. But what about something the business needs but doesn’t have to pay for. Most businesses can only run their businesses if they contribute to greenhouse gases. They use carbon  but they don’t have to pay for it. Many businesses have unpaid labour in their supply chains or suppliers that pay wages below the rates that the business would pay its own employees. But they can price their products without including that cost.Hidden costsBusinesses are dependent on using things that have consequences for people that the business does not need to pay for. You could call these the hidden costs of doing business as you can meet international accounting standards and prepare accounts have been accepted as giving a true and fair view without recognising this type of cost.Which brings us to accounting standards and the concept of a constructive obligation.Paragraph 10  International Accounting Standard (IAS) 37; Provisions  Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets defines a constructive obligation as:“an obligation that derives from an entity’s actions where;by an established pattern of past practice  published policies or a sufficiently specific current statement  the entity has indicated to other parties that it will accept certain responsibilities; and as a result  the entity has created a valid expectation on the part of those other parties that it will discharge those responsibilities.”This means that if a valid expectation has been created  the business has no choice but to make the payment. There is no escape. Costs have been created by past practice  published policies or a sufficiently specific current statement.The circle has not quite been closed. There is one more step.In a recent opinion on the requirement for financial accounts to give a true and fair view  George Bompas  KC said: “On the other hand  a company which actively wants to make concrete sustainability commitments might deliberately choose to structure its commitments in such a way as to create future or even present year obligations which impact upon the accounts.”A company might choose to take responsibility to pay for things it needs to use. Things for which there is no legal requirement to pay  like carbon  unpaid labour in the supply chain or a viable planet.Which means that a company might choose to take responsibility to pay for things it needs to use. Things for which there is no legal requirement to pay  like carbon  unpaid labour in the supply chain or a viable planet. It turns out a business could recognise these costs within existing accounting standards!Surely a responsible business is a business that takes responsibility for these costs as well – and pays them? The responsible business’ profits will meet international standards and will also give a true and fair view but they won’t be counterfeit and they won’t be unethical. They’ll be responsible.New company guide empowers UK company directors to consider sustainability to meet the true and fair legal requirement A new guide has been issued by the True & Fair Project to support UK company directors who have decided that information relating to sustainability issues is necessary for their accounts to give a true and fair view. Entitled Are your Financial Statements True and Fair?  the guide underscores directors’ legal obligation to consider sustainability information when preparing financial statements  and offers practical steps to support compliance. It specifically addresses the challenges faced from climate change and of transitioning to a low carbon economy. The True & Fair Project  an initiative hosted by Social Value International (SVI)  issued the publication to raise awareness among companies  investors and accountants about how to integrate sustainability into financial statements in order for them to give a true and fair view. It aims to highlight the importance of acknowledging and disclosing costs tied to resources such as carbon emissions  water usage  and unpaid labour; costs often overlooked but ultimately borne by society. In 2024  the Project commissioned a legal opinion from George Bompass KC  which clarified that directors have a positive duty to consider whether relevant sustainability issues should be reflected in their financial statements to present a true and fair view of the company’s position. As a follow up to this opinion  the Guide supports directors that have decided that information relating to sustainability issues is necessary for the accounts to give a true and fair view  and who are actively preparing their financial statements to meet this requirement.Thanks for reading Pioneers Post. As an entrepreneur or investor yourself  you'll know that producing quality work doesn't come free. We rely on our subscribers to sustain our journalism – so if you think it's worth having an independent  specialist media platform that covers social enterprise stories  please consider subscribing. You'll also be buying social: Pioneers Post is a social enterprise itself  reinvesting all our profits into helping you do good business  better.,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.36,0.19,0.45,True,English,"['responsible business', 'one', 'first bullet point', 'international sustainability advisor', 'former deputy CEO', 'global transportation company', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'specific current statement', 'International Accounting Standard', 'many company directors', 'most business owners', 'Responsible Business Project 2030', 'accounting standards', 'many definitions', 'long-term future', 'riding strategy', 'counterfeit’ profits', 'next generation', 'professional code', 'legal duty', 'legal requirements', 'Most businesses', 'greenhouse gases', 'Many businesses', 'unpaid labour', 'supply chains', 'fair view', 'Contingent Liabilities', 'Contingent Assets', 'established pattern', 'past practice', 'other parties', 'valid expectation', 'recent opinion', 'constructive obligation', 'ethical profit', 'irresponsible business', 'sustainable business', 'Philippe Joubert', 'dictionary definition', 'planet issues', 'intuitive idea', 'Hidden costs', 'one example', 'lot', 'reading', 'workplace', 'people', 'responsibility', 'choice', 'everyone', 'position', 'world', 'society', 'sustained', 'well-being', 'actions', 'thinking', 'clue', 'Alstom', 'CO2', 'atmosphere', 'price', 'bill', 'opening', 'Brussels', 'afront', 'auditor', 'reference', 'ethics', 'accounts', 'contracts', 'operations', 'consequence', 'amount', 'money', 'something', 'someone', 'payment', 'carbon', 'suppliers', 'wages', 'rates', 'employees', 'products', 'things', 'true', 'type', 'concept', 'Paragraph', 'IAS', 'Provisions', 'entity', 'policies', 'responsibilities', 'result', 'escape', 'circle', 'step']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,pioneerspost.com
48960,EuroNext,Bing API,https://indianexpress.com/article/trending/top-10-listing/top-10-largest-stock-exchanges-globally-by-market-cap-india-at-5th-9843887/,Top 10 largest stock exchanges in the world by market cap (December 2024): India’s NSE among global leaders,Asian stock exchanges are witnessing considerable expansion and are outpacing major European exchanges  with Euronext now occupying the sixth position among the world's top 10 stock exchanges  in terms of market capitalization.,Largest stock exchanges worldwide by market cap: Presently  there are approximately 60 prominent stock exchanges around the globe  playing a significant role in shaping financial markets through the facilitation of trading  investments  and economic development.Notably  the top 10 largest stock exchanges collectively possess a market capitalisation of $102 360 634.92 million  as reported by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) in December 2024.The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (Nasdaq)  both situated in the United States  stand out as the two largest exchanges  commanding a significant share of the international market.Story continues below this adTogether  they hold a combined market cap of $62 185 685.32 million and feature listings from some of the most valuable companies globally  including giants like Apple  Microsoft  and Nvidia.With the rapid economic growth of emerging markets such as India  China  and Japan  Asian stock exchanges are witnessing considerable expansion and are outpacing major European exchanges  with Euronext now occupying the sixth position among the world’s top 10 stock exchanges.Euronext is the largest stock exchange in Europe and operates regulated markets for securities and derivatives across key European cities  including Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Milan  Paris  Lisbon  and Oslo  listing prestigious firms like Capgemini  L’Oréal  and Sanofi.Top 10 largest stock exchanges in the world by market capitalization (December 2024)The World Federation of Exchanges (WFE)  in the February 2025 edition  provided data from December 2024 on the market capitalization of major stock exchanges worldwide  highlighting the top 10.Story continues below this adRank Stock Exchange Country/Region Market Capitalization (in USD  million) 1 New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) USA $31 576 034.06 2 NASDAQ USA $30 609 651.26 3 Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) China $7 186 252.60 4 Japan Exchange Group (Tokyo Stock Exchange) Japan $6 556 559.86 5 National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) India $5 696 539.30 6 Euronext Pan-European $5 441 764.34 7 Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing (HKEX) Hong Kong $4 549 720.76 8 Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE) China $4 528 666.82 9 TMX Group (Toronto Stock Exchange) Canada $3 550 654.58 10 Saudi Exchange (Tadawul) Saudi Arabia $2 664 791.34 Source: WFE Please note: The above data correspond to the equity domestic market capitalisation values provided by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for December 2024. The market capitalizations are subject to change as stock values fluctuate.Outlook of India’s largest stock operatorsIndia’s stock market has risen to prominence within the global financial landscape. The National Stock Exchange (NSE)  the fifth-largest exchange worldwide by market cap  includes 50 leading Indian firms such as Infosys  ICICI Bank  and Larsen & Toubro  transforming India’s trading framework.In 2024  the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)  one of the oldest stock exchanges in Asia  achieved a significant milestone by reaching a market capitalization of $5 trillion for all its listed companies  featuring renowned companies like Reliance Industries  Tata Consultancy Services  Cipla  and Nestlé India.Story continues below this adBombay Stock Exchange (file) Bombay Stock Exchange (file)India is the fifth-largest country globally in terms of market capitalization  trailing behind the United States ($55 trillion)  China ($9 trillion)  Japan ($6.1 trillion)  and Hong Kong ($5.5 trillion).,neutral,0.43,0.57,0.0,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Top 10 largest stock exchanges', 'market cap', 'global leaders', 'world', 'December', 'India', 'NSE', 'Rank Stock Exchange Country/Region Market Capitalization', 'equity domestic market capitalisation values', 'The New York Stock Exchange', '1 New York Stock Exchange', 'Securities Dealers Automated Quotations', 'The National Stock Exchange', 'top 10 largest stock exchanges', 'top 10 stock exchanges', '3 Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', '5 National Stock Exchange', '8 Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'Bombay Stock Exchange', 'largest stock operators', '60 prominent stock exchanges', 'Asian stock exchanges', 'major stock exchanges', 'oldest stock exchanges', 'key European cities', 'L’Oréal', 'Tata Consultancy Services', 'two largest exchanges', 'major European exchanges', 'rapid economic growth', 'global financial landscape', '50 leading Indian firms', 'The World Federation', 'combined market cap', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', '4 Japan Exchange Group', 'stock values', 'stock market', '10 Saudi Exchange', 'National Association', 'largest country', 'international market', 'market capitalizations', 'financial markets', 'economic development', 'prestigious firms', '9 TMX Group', 'significant role', 'United States', 'significant share', 'feature listings', 'emerging markets', 'considerable expansion', 'sixth position', 'regulated markets', 'February 2025 edition', 'Saudi Arabia', 'ICICI Bank', 'significant milestone', 'Reliance Industries', 'valuable companies', 'renowned companies', 'trading framework', 'Euronext Pan-European', 'Nestlé India', '2 NASDAQ USA', 'globe', 'facilitation', 'investments', 'WFE', 'December', 'NYSE', 'Story', 'giants', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'Nvidia', 'China', 'derivatives', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Capgemini', 'Sanofi', 'data', 'USD', 'NSE', 'Clearing', 'HKEX', 'SZSE', 'Canada', 'Tadawul', 'Outlook', 'prominence', 'fifth', 'Infosys', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'BSE', 'Cipla', 'file', 'terms']",2025-02-19,2025-02-19,indianexpress.com
